A couple of days ago, A-chung took up a backpack, saying that he'd like to go travel around. Result? Not even an afternoon had passed when he got carried back.
He has studied in Britain for so many years, of course he speaks good English.
How come you are so out? This is the hottest game these days!
I've got some issues here at home. I'll come to work once everything is settled.
Did your son get admitted to his first-choice school?
I will buy him a watch for his birthday.
Chinese yam can be used to stop diarrhea, but if you don't have diarrhea and eat too much of that will cause constipation.
So you plan to debate with these four points only?
I won't take your dirty money! Do you still have conscience?
Stop spacing out and give me a hand.
Boss, I'm having excessive heat these days, make a bowl of congee with century egg and lean meat for me.
Overpopulation of this city can only be solved by addressing its root cause - controlling population.
The landlord is increasing the rent again. With no bargaining power, the tenants have no choice but to accept it.
He won't take this part-time job if he has quite a sum of money.
As a bridesmaid, you should not dress up to steal the show.
He started working in the insurance field when he was 20, and has been working for 30 years.
Don't look down on that old man for his age. In fact he is quick-thinking and knowledgeable, you can hardly cheat him a bit.
Do not only consider somebody's appearance, but also his heart.
He didn't love me at all, it was just wishful thinking.
Kit had had a fight with someone and he went home with cuts and bruises on his body.
A cold front swept through Hong Kong. Tonight's temperature will fall to 10°C.
I had an argument with him, we still haven't made up yet.
When I looked at her face I knew that she's in a bad mood today.
Turning around gently after a silent gaze at you, from then on I would no longer appear in your life.
You have done so many bad things but you act as if nothing has happened. Do you have any sense of shame?
We caught an illegal immigrant, and we are about to deport him.
Your words roused me. I will work hard from now on.
Add diagrams or graphs into the report will make it better.
The words in this book are too dense and numerous, it is really a pain to read.
That mother hit her son with a belt on the street while everybody was watching!
He cannot utilise his potential fully at this job. I guess he's going to quit soon.
It is only natural for a mother to share her children's pain and take extra care for them.
He couldn't brake the car in time and crashed into the car in front of him.
"The main protagonist having been trapped in another world" is a trope used by many stories. Alice's Adventure in Wonderland has used it.
I haven't finished the book yet. Would you please help me to renew it?
Water has been discharged from the Shenzhen reservoir. There may be a risk of flooding in some parts of the New Territories.
In low income countries, only 10% of people on average are vaccinated.
Like the old saying, banging "pork-chop" is better than jerking off.
My aunt came back from Canada just because of my graduation ceremony.
I've got a bunch of kids to feed in my home; I have to stay strong and keep working hard!
He is rushing to hand in his works by the deadline.
Can't you be flexible? Just take whatever transportation is available!
He took charge of the family business when his father was away.
We suggest that pregnant women should understand the process of labour in advance.
Some people resent being from a poor family and feel ashamed.
When will you come back? I need to decide when to start steaming the fish.
In the old days, people would go to Yuen Long and buy several piculs of wife cake.
It's normal for me to dodge when you rush towards me.
It's a typical action film with plenty of spectacular stunts.
Don’t go out after you catch the flu. It is better to rest at home.
Why do you chicken out? Sooner or later you'll have to confess to him.
Smile in a more relaxed way, don't smile like you're being forced to.
He was trapped in the mountains for hours before he was rescued.
The international competition is a great opportunity of becoming well-known.
There are many implicit messages in this film for us to illustrate.
"To Be Number One" portrays a Hong Kong drug lord in the 60s and 70s.
I've seen the Milky Way. I thought it was a big cloud.
This position is to teach children Chinese.
There is a slogan near the entrance of the site to remind workers to be cautious.
All the children have returned from overseas to hold his funeral.
Do you think he's dating someone? It seems so.
In order to guide people to do good, he entered the education industry.
Today is midsummer. It's 7:30 and the sun still hasn't set!
Every time I talk about marriage with him/her, he/she just brushes me off.
"Star Post" is protesting with blank columns again over dismissal of the editor-in-chief; when will the staff finally go on strike?
They were proposing their own proposals with convincing arguments while disputing. Finally, the boss mediated between these two guys and said two proposals would be tried.
Some taxi drivers will double the meter fares when the number 8 typhoon signal has been hoisted.
The Flying Tigers carefully approaches their enemies' hideout.
He did not allow the details of this operations to be reported to the public.
He earns a miserable wage from his job, but he doesn't seem to mind a single bit. In fact, he doesn't even complain about having to work overtime every day.
Go sound him out tomorrow to see whether he knows something.
My Ferrari is going to wreck you. Eat my dust!
The new employee gets his own office, something not even the department director has. Talk about the tail wagging the dog!
This matter has nothing to do with me but you keep blaming me. Then I have nothing to say.
You're usually pretty quite. What put you in the mood to sing?
The activity attracted a lot of tourists and brought in a handsome profit for the locals.
I can't understand why would they promote an unmotivated sloth like him instead of me.
Every day that old woman carries a bunch of useless metal product to sell with great effort.
The pencil is blunt. Can you pass me the pencil sharpener there?
These two countries just signed a pact and ended the war.
We should make way for an ambulance which siren is on.
This shoeshine boy isn't qualified. He gets a high salary because the boss takes care of him.
She picked the bad egg from a basket in a matchmaking session and fell for a womanizer.
The colour of this wallpaper completely clashes with that of the sofa. It looks awful.
Citizens can get their passports in a self-service manner.
Brain aneurysms are like ticking time bombs, which can rupture at any time causing bleeding inside the skull.
This is grey but not pink, do you have anomalous trichromacy?
The last thing a mother would like to see is that her children hurt each other.
He says that he will defeat his opponent even if his hands and feet were handicapped.
You're looking for me all of a sudden. Did something happen?
It is pouring outside. Passers-by and vehicles should be careful.
He miraculously remained alive after being trapped in the rubble for three days.
I have lots of friends, but none of them is my good friend.
Some people think that Western medicine only alleviates the symptoms but doesn't treat the disease, and thus they prefer consulting Chinese doctors.
The price rise is just ridiculous, but having said that, I will continue to use their service / buy things from them.
Armed groups held dozens of foreigners captive as bargaining chips.
Everyone, please take notice of the gathering time. Don't be late!
The knife is so sharp that you really have to be cautious. Don't hurt yourself.
Successful or not, thank you for helping out.
She falls in love with the girl next to her, but she is too squeamish to spill it out.
All my money and property will be under your name after my death.
I listen to a lot of different genres - pop and classical and and other stuff as well.
Hong Kong is approximately at 22°N 114°E.
Old people can easily get tired of living because of their weak bodies.
This job is so rigid that you just need to complete the same task every day.
The service of this bar is always superb.
Up until now, doctors have still not found any way to treat this new disease.
Guys. Stop goofing off. Get back to your seat and get to work.
Beauty lies in the lover's eye. To him, his wife is always a big beauty. It has not changed for decades.
This street is really prosperous. The throngs are so large, you needn't worry about getting business.
I went to the interview like an idiot without even knowing the name of the company.
The educational TV programmes in the past have educational significance.
The incubation for this disease can be up to two weeks. We better monitor your situation for a bit longer.
Remember to take a look at the nutrition label before buying food!
The boss certainly didn't say who was responsible, but as it turns out the culprit revealed themselves given they had so blatantly shit the bed.
Summer vacation is a peak period for Hong Kongers to travel overseas.
Winter is coming. Of course a campfire will lead to a nice vibe in camping.
The government plans to reform the old age living allowance by combing Normal and Higher OALA.
Born in 1930, died in 2000.
You are a girl and you are here drawing up your knees to sit, how is it decent?
He is a buyer, so he needs to travel to Mainland to purchase goods once a month.
I'm not so sure how this camera works, can you teach me?
Subject headings, as an access point, have two functions: to give appropriate subjects to relevant information; and to let readers manage to find information of relevant subjects.
The battery of the engine seems to be dead, I cannot start the car no matter how many time I have tried.
Enhancing training of talents will provide new impetus for Hong Kong's economy.
Finish your work as quickly as possible, or else you won't have time to eat.
Did you sleep at all last night? You look very tired.
You will find the public toilet if you follow this road till its end.
A living language is, after all, primarily an oral language; a living language often relies on living people.
Sigh, it won't work if you force him. He only accepts soft approaches instead of a forceful one.
I risked my life for you, but you treat me like that?
The medicine starts working, I feel much better now.
I am blown away by how luxurious this ship is.
Those who often give bad advice online think they are smart.
There are rumours that the Chinese government intervened in the stock market. Shanghai Composite Index bounced to above 2000 points in the afternoon trading period.
He inserted the cassette and pressed the 'record' button.
In the end we went out for hotpot, and were there for nearly three hours.
In medieval times, many civilizations saw major developments, including Europe, the Islamic world, and Chinese dynasties such as the Tang and Song. They have all accomplished something in science and culture.
A wedding ring should be put on the left hand ring finger.
You must fight back when someone hits you.
He was doxxed. His full name and phone number has been uploaded online.
Only one hour's left before lunch. Don't eat too much now!
This afternoon we went to the aquarium to watch penguins. They are so adorable!
After borning a son, her belly is still very glossy.
How come the robbers made it so easily? Did someone within us help them privately?
After you talk to me, I don't have enough guts to see him now.
I have already taught you all that I know.
Whenever her boyfriend buys her something, she shows it off in the office; it's so annoying.
The oral exam is coming soon. I must practise my English to get through.
Ah-yeung is doing well in his studies but he doesn't behave himself, so the teacher's perception of him become worse.
A flash marriage may not end quickly. At least my friend still has a happy marriage.
If I can pass this test, I will formally become a houseman!
In order to improve my singing skills, I applied for the vocal music class.
In order to get the family possessions, the son framed his own father!
Let me make a simile: the sun like an orange; it is round and full of holes.
This guy is very greedy for money; he was caught stealing money from his company before.
You two thought I didn't see you making eyes flirting with eyes during dinner?
Why don't you personally clarify this incident?
He has concealed the secret in his heart for many years.
The Castle Peak Cable Tunnel allows for the installation of eight high voltage cable circuits.
Both of them have entered a cubicle in the washroom. I don't know what they are doing there.
This song is a recent hit. It's ridiculous that you have never listened to it.
Association football is round. American football is elliptical.
He likes gaining advantage from friends. All of us hate him.
The stock you recommended went up a lot. Tonight's dinner is on me.
A toddler must fall on the ground unavoidably.
Ever since that online platform started charging money, they lost so many viewers.
The main reason for this loss was that you underestimated your opponent.
Look at her angry face! I think we better leave her alone.
The news of a pay raise starting next month has got us fired up.
The government spent 40 million dollars to educate the public on the dangers associated with smoking
He is really energized today, what did he do yesterday?
He went to China with some funds to start a factory blindly without any planning beforehand.
He deliberates upon every move, it appears that he finally stumbles upon an equal match on the chess board.
It suddenly rains, makes me so unprepared to handle.
I felt somewhat disappointed when I heard this news.
He audaciously challenges the President with overconfidence in his abilities.
He must be a bad call, ignoring that obvious handball.
She is such a party animal that she never leaves the dance floor until four or five every morning.
When I saw some children begging in the street, I felt very sorrowful.
Why is your room so messy? You must never tidy up your room.
Taking a wire-flying scene is not as easy as being pulled up that the actors should maintain the balance themselves.
There is nothing but bad food in this area. The restaurants nearby are expensive and only offer tasteless food!
Before taking any action, I will analyse the data given by my informer first.
The teacher is very bad, basically misleading the younger generation.
The freezer seems to be out of order; it fails to make ice over half the day, and the ice cream has all melted too.
The cats in Hong Kong have been fed very well by their owners.
Do not dash around, you may easily bump into someone else.
My menstrual cycle is not stable. I haven't had a period for more than 2 months.
This material is light and strong, perfect for making windproof jackets.
The film industry needs to pass the baton and continue to develop. They need to hire more fresh blood.
Ask yourself honestly whether you were wrong.
This opens up a new world for us.
It is very impolite if you speak while you chew gum.
That gecko gleefully dashing across the ceiling annoys me.
I saw the flyer of "The Return of the Dragon" in the museum.
We respond to the call of the SAR Government—we will vote on Sunday.
The nerd A-chung's mind is always on his moe anime girls.
After buying a flat, you will need to renovate the place, move your stuff into there and buy new furniture, which costs you a fortune.
What should we do now? I need to kill some time until it's three...
You have lived in the hospital for so long. You have to step over the "fire basin" before you get inside your home.
She smuggled drugs for reward of several thousand dollars and was finally sentenced to over ten years.
Hong Kong got one gold and three bronze medals in the track and field events.
I slipped in the MTR station in the sight of tens of people. It was so embarrassing.
Don't speak so much, it seems that this is your talk show and we don't have a chance to speak up.
The scene tomorrow needs 200 extras for the roles of students, do me a favour to call a bunch of extras to come to work.
He doesn't just work overtime. Sometimes, he couldn't even rest on public holidays.
The soup of this restaurant has very little stock and tastes like watered down bud-light.
We have been practicing for at least half a year for the joint performance.
Should there be any disputes between the Chinese and English versions, the English version will prevail.
He was born and raised in a wealthy family.
Hungry Ghost Festival is nigh; don't go out so often at night.
The article is inconsistent; I don't know which part can be trusted.
People say that some pop stars raise child ghosts to bring them luck, is it true?
For the sake of entering university, he was totally absorbed with his studying in the last six months, neglecting meals and rest.
He is a group-mate in name only. He has done nothing.
All of our orders are handled with computers.
Term logic was once considered to be perfect. In other words, logic cannot be improved until the advent of predicate logic.
To sustain a happy marriage, effort from both the husband and the wife is required.
Let's go somewhere else to talk about these things. The echoes are quite loud here.
The airline company has been sternly criticised for its continuous bad performance for years.
He usually spends most of his time on waiting - takes actions only at an opportune moment.
The terms "tip dei" itself is full of contradictions: it can only apply to those who are high and mighty.
Only 5% of new established companies survive after 5 years, and 6.3% after 10 years.
This new sports car follows the style of the previous design.
Only when you download the program can it be used.
If you want to meet Mr. Chan, you have to make an appointment in advance.
Be practical when you do things. Don't be so careless and sloppy.
Mum says the kitchen is hers. She doesn't let other people enter.
There are a lot of examples of imagery in this poem to describe the feeling of embracing.
Don't you need to pretend to be ignorant, I know you must know something.
My husband is so too attentive. He calls me every few hours in the day, asking what I am doing and saying he is always thinking about me.
This film is adapted from a famous story in literature.
With the passage of time, that incident was gradually forgotten.
Some historians stated that the Opium War was one great humiliation on the Qing Dynasty, but I think the Qing Dynasty asked for it.
The best activity in the holiday is to date the mahjong mates to play a few rounds.
If he wants to complain he can talk to me in person, is it really necessary to tease me for the whole day?
"Burn-in" requires playing suitable sounds at an appropriate volume for the best "maturing" effect. Otherwise the equipment will be damaged.
Tropical Storm Dianmu was centred about 240 kilometres west of Yap.
Stop the nonsense! Tell me the truth immediately!
Just me, Keung and Ming here, three but lacks one, so we cannot play mahjong.
Passengers holding a monthly ticket are permitted to take unlimited rides on "North Point – Kowloon City" and "North Point – Hung Hom" services.
Effective from today, Mr. Chan administers the entire logistics department.
Today is the day for the International football competition to start.
My heart is full of pain that cannot be described in words.
Both of us like playing computer games. We are really birds of a feather.
The severe factionalism in the company is a problem for a long time.
It's been a long time for so many of us to gather. It's a precious occasion that we can enjoy drinking and the conversation tonight.
My son's teenage rebellion starts when he enters secondary school. He does not obey me.
The harbour is big enough for cruise ships to anchor.
When Ka-kei was in secondary school, he joined his school's basketball team. His skills still has not gone rusty.
No wonder what, you cannot go home before having finished this draft!
The government intended to carry out land resumption in the New Territories in order to enhance land supply for housing.
The woman at the market is pretty nice, she gives me extra veggies all the time.
Wow, you are dressed up so well. Where are you hanging out?
The epidemic is getting worse; it is hard to find a bottle of handrub in the market.
It's hard being an accountant, you have to work until early morning before you can leave office.
From a small fishing village to a metropolis, hundreds of years of city development carries Hong Kong's rich history and culture.
He didn't have cash on him to settle the bill, and was escorted to an ATM.
He is already 59 years old but still has a muscular figure.
Is she unhappy? Why does she seldom respond to others?
So you got no money for the food, huh? Drag him to the alley and send dogs in to bite him.
When the news has cooled down, the reporters will stop asking about it.
It would be a waste of money to cure a retard like you.
You always smoke, it's very dry/parched, drink more herbal tea to eliminate internal body heat!
Yuen even still met Sam, looking as if he did not bear any more grudge, but in fact only in order to observe the results.
A pack of egg contains 30 eggs, which is too much for me. I usually buy only half a pack.
When cooking noodles, rinse them in cold water so that their texture will be more elastic and more abundant.
Many people go to the Victoria Park to enjoy the bright full moon at Mid-Autumn Festival.
Shall we find someone to look into his background? I think he is so suspicious.
People are choosing to immigrate to Malaysia because of the low cost of goods and where housing prices are an eighth of those in Hong Kong.
This football player terminated his contract with one club and would become a free agent again.
Professor Chan extended my deduction to a whole new level.
I helped him to wear a blindfold, he can't see anything now.
Where is the fun of going on a holiday if you think about money all the time?
Before attending the home economics class in secondary school, I didn't even know how to break an egg.
Don't think too much about the past. It does no good.
Eating at Australia Dairy Company takes less than fifteen minutes, from ordering to paying.
The government plans to promote universal suffrage for CE election in 2017.
My family history can only be traced back to the Late Qing Dynasty.
This film was selected to compete for the Best Motion in the Academy Awards last year.
I want to study fashion design, so I will apply for admission to the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
My father dropped out from school as early as he was ten because of financial difficulties in the family.
He was so busy but he still came and fixed my computer for me. He's really marvellous!
This shop always sail under false colors, so it's reputation is very bad.
These cheap pens, we can just use it carelessly.
For the sake of sending our son to study in an overseas university, we can only tighten our belt.
That is only a very small amount of money. Please don't haggle over it.
BMW began production of motorcycle engines and then motorcycles after World War I.
Stop arguing with each other, the most important thing at the moment is to stay calm.
He is simple-minded, so he doesn't know how to deal with scheming.
The company plans to replace the current firewall with a new one next year.
Silkworm chrysalis dishes are said to be invented more than 1400 years ago.
Government officials will hold a press conference later today, to give everyone an explanation.
Running the marathon race in such a hot day, I almost collapsed as I arrived the destination.
Stop pretending! I know everything already!
These two articles are completely the same. Which one is copying from the other?
She is only 160cm tall but packs a pair of F cup, how can she not be a perfect shortstack?
No thanks. I can't sleep if I drink caffeinated stuff at night.
The secretary has an excellent reputation among the public, and a high ability to call for response.
She would make an excuse to lean on my shoulder, and would look into my eyes in a flirting way.
I've heard that he sexually harassed a few female patient. Such a doctor without any medical ethics!
He loves reading, so he already knows a lot even though he is young.
The prices of electronic appliances can vary a lot. When there is a sale, they can be half off their normal prices.
I envy you having such a close family.
This pack of tea is absolutely a good gift for family and friends.
You've brought more than enough food so you should share it with others. Don't be so selfish.
As the saying my father quotes goes, if someone is unwilling to do something, it is not possible to force them.
The coffee table is so low that I have to bend when I get the coffee.
As the saying goes, "Rumors Stop at a Wise Man," so it is not necessary to clarify it.
Hong Kong movies can be said to be world-famous, best known for their action movies, ghost movies, and police procedurals.
The two universities are neck and neck regarding their medical research.
There is no need to panic if you encounter something expected when travelling abroad. Contact the nearest embassy.
Why not switch to another mobile phone service provider? The one you are currently using is so expensive.
There are about a sextillion water molecles in a drop.
We old folks are really ashamed in front of these youngsters.
I need to catch the bus setting out at 2 p.m. to school. Let's talk tomorrow.
Hey man, I am going through some lean times, can you help me out with some small loans?
With a map, we will not get lost even if we go to a place we have never been to.
Why can you be the judge of a singing competition when you don't know how to sing?
He is talking nonsense, no one is giving a damn about him.
Since taking the exam, he has spent all his time gaming.
Whenever I order iced water with lemon, my mum asked me why don't I order lemon tea. She said ingredients of lemon tea cost more.
This garden is such a quiet place in a tasteful manner. It is best for you to read alone here.
I gave a pack of tea to my boyfriend's mother as a present when we first met.
Many people bring joss sticks, candles and fruits to go visit their ancestors' graves at Ching Ming Festival.
After about a week, the decoration of the new house is finally completed.
Every movement of this celebrity is so elegant.
They ran nakedly to protest against humans' killing of animals for their skin.
You are such a talent in our industry. I have been looing forward to meeting you for a long time.
Education, is what remains after one graduated and forgotten everything he learnt in school.
With all kinds of revenues taken into account, the company's total income this year is two million.
Even one mistake can do one's credibility a lot of harm.
Celine goes through three boyfriends a month. She changes boyfriends like she changes clothes.
You asshole. You said you would buy me food. Why are you empty-handed?
I mean the problem is with his personality, not his face.
In the sixties, a lot of churches set up schools in Hong Kong.
My boy always throws a tantrum for toys, squirming and yelling on the floor at the slightest desire.
Give us some of your opinions. Don't just echo someone's view.
The tourism-led recovery is spreading to other sectors of the economy.
He is now an engineer in government, paid over HK$70,000 a month.
The retired chairman suddenly showed up in the meeting and surprised the staff.
This building is all show and no go. It has a nice lobby, but is otherwise unmaintained.
You can't sleep in a cot anymore—you're no longer a baby.
Do you remember that time we ate out? Ah Kit's the guy we bumped into.
Yesterday he suddenly collapsed in the street due to chest pain.
In order to have a luxurious life, he prefers making up to rich one.
blowing nose with quite amount of noise
The gravity of the moon is only about one sixth of that of the Earth.
Yan usually dressed modestly, but she is so well-endowed and sexy in that evening gown at Graduation Dinner today. Damn, she was hiding the pearl in a haystack the whole time.
You have only a few threads of hair left on your head, you don't need to comb.
Your body constitution is of 'hot', so you must eat more food of 'cool' nature.
He is just a child, he cannot stay at home alone.
The severe factionalism in the company is a problem for a long time.
You only eat a piece of butter and jam on toast for lunch. Is it enough?
What's wrong with you? You face and lips are so pale.
He is serving a tour and only comes home every half-year.
This thug terrorizes the streets with his gang.
This banknote issued in 1970 has the face value of 10 dollars. Now it has been appreciated to 1600 dollars.
He came out of the closet to his parents last night; he is grateful for their support.
You need to put away your original thoughts. Think in a new perspective!
Thanks to the current trends in using instant cameras, the Purikura photo booths in Mong Kok are slowly closing down
This apple is huge. Let's cut it into two halves for us to eat.
His hand was barbed by splinters of his chopsticks when he was having lunch.
Through countless evidences, he grasped a faint sense of the truth of this case.
Since your boss is easy-going, I think it's not a problem for you to take a half-day leave.
I won't leave home without covering up pimples on my face!
You won this contract, making a meritorious contribution to the company.
He doesn't complain anything even through he was treated by his girlfriend whatever she like. Probably they will not break up easily.
Treat each and every detail with care is the best working attitude,
Her body is very flexible. You can let her take some gymnastics classes.
It's so windy outside! How could you abandon her and make her return home on her own?
Gang matters are best settled privately. It would be unwise to involve the police.
Japan has a huge amount of stunning temples in Kyoto.
I received help from him in the past. Now that he is in trouble, given that I have the means to help him, why should I not lend him a hand?
This place is quite secluded, you can slack off in it without being noticed.
The capacity to carry oxygen of warmer sea water is lower.
Some illegal taxi drivers would temporarily stop service and wait for tourists to charge them more.
The labour union has decided to work to rule starting today, to demand a raise of 3.5%.
The government has a lot of room for improvement in the aspect of education.
Recently, a series of shipwrecks left more than a thousand illegal immigrants dead at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea.
The arguments on both sides are just repetition of their previous points. No new points are introduced.
She goes to sunbathe regularly? No wonder she is so nicely tanned.
There are many celebrities attending this grand occasion every year.
A-chung's bookshelf is occupied with Moe girl manga. There's no space for more serious books.
Yesterday, the US president received other heads of state.
We don't have a big office but everyone is very competent.
Can you let me finish my two papers - they're due tomorrow.
He and I have a score to settle. Don't put me on the same shift with him.
A-ming's question directly hit at the heart of the matter. It left me speechless.
Don't shop here – it's a rip-off.
Everybody condemns the bloody attacks of the terrorists.
My shooting skill is very bad, I always throw at the rim of basketball stand.
His arrogant attitude is so annoying!
There was a serious traffic accident on Castle Peak Road. The driver was pronounced dead on the spot.
Is he a celebrity or something? There're so many fans coming to welcome him.
Superstriker Ruud van Nistelrooy is joining Manchester United.
A: "Pink is the best color!" B: "Not true."
Although he is rich in physical life, he is deficient in his spiritual life.
The boss knew she was sick but he still asked her to come to work, that's so inhumane.
The ball will begin soon, how come you still haven't put on make up?
This triad leader has many lackeys working for him.
We just knew each other, we couldn't have had any progress in our relationship yet, how are we gonna marry soon?
That skyscraper was on fire. The blaze was fierce.
Do not look down on me. Someday I will have much more money than you, and I will make you suck my dick.
Their wedding was very low-key, fewer than thirty people attended.
Hong Kong's economy is no longer mainly based on agriculture or industry.
This talk is three hours long. There will be a 10-minute break during the talk.
Those unsociable people always kept to themselves. Never talked to them.
If I resent you, I may pester you. If I don't like you, I may smack you!
All you got is boring lectures, no wonder why people are not interested in your words.
those who kill and set fires get gold belts
How about you give the presentation in the meeting tomorrow as the original plan.
Please treat pets with respect and compassion. Do not treat them cruelly.
My son's grades are getting worse. I need to monitor his homework more closely.
To be sensible and reasonable, neither reason nor sensibility could be lacked.
Our boss paid a lot of effort himself and opened a new branch in two months' time.
A: "Can you defeat him?" B: "Probably."
Even if the typhoon warning signal No.8 is issued tonight, it will eventually be cancelled tomorrow morning before work, so be sure to wake up on time for work!
Remember to sort out your clothes, shoes, socks, and other accessories when you are on a trip.
The current men's 100m world record is 9.58 seconds.
The MTR station is near. You need to walk a few minutes only.
The new system sorts the emails into groups, which is much easier to read.
Back in the old days, "Life Bread" was a staple in almost every household. I grew up eating it too.
Assassins are usually very good at techniques such as disguise and blending into crowds.
I am a part of Hong Kong, I wish to do something for this place.
This ticket is only valid on the date of issue.
The suspect did not open the door. As a result, the cops found someone to broke into the house.
After getting married, they will move into their new love nest.
He not only invited me in but he actually offered me a cup of coffee.
The Pro-establishment still accounts for the majority of the sixth Legislative Council.
He suddenly got the idea to go fishing in the pool near his home.
There are many departments in the government; their duties are different.
The archaeologist said that these bronze wares were unearthed in Xi'an.
We don't always eat out. Only occasionally.
If we cooperate with each other and share the workload, we can finish the job in a short time.
There are many meaningful sayings included in the long history of Chinese culture.
The first time we met, the girl held my arm as we walked.
This man often sexually assaults women on the bus, it's really great to have him arrested.
Today's temperature is in between 19 to 23 ℃.
Your mum went through ten months of pregnancy to give birth to you. Be good to her!
(of paper or clothes) with wrinkles
The government flying service rescued two sailors in the sea.
She thought she was pregnant, but fortunately it turned out to be a false alarm.
They took off their mourning clothes after the funeral dinner.
This dress is awfully red, it's too attention-catching. Pick another one!
If you miss one more lesson, you'll fail the course and have to retake it.
The government should provide a friendly environment for the development of industry and commerce in Hong Kong.
Half the class got a C+, this is what you call having good grades?
If you make somebody a scapegoat for you, then you can get out of the trouble.
You need to take aim at the target first, then shoot.
If you get a sunburn, applying aloe vera will make you feel better!
It has been ages since we've last had Japanese food. How about going for some Japanese all-you-can-eat tonight?
Children should learn in a happy atmosphere.
He's an acerbic speaker. Anytime he senses weakness, he attacks.
With his uncompromising attitude, I am afraid there won't be any settlement outside the court.
HKSAR Government health warning: smoking kills.
She is as ugly and bad-hearted as the witch in Snow White.
It's my fault and I'll bear the responsibility. Don't harass my wife or my son!
In China, the use of mobile phones is already very widespread.
You really are incorrigible, go eat shit!
Life is short, so travel abroad when the opportunity arises.
He betrayed a gang leader as a result he was pursued by assassins.
They are victims too, we shouldn't blame them.
People who take the same position will certainly support each other.
Those LegCo lawmakers who could get around three hundred thousand votes would not even take the Chief Executive seriously.
His career has advanced after he got a good boss.
Shooting with a tripod can reduce camera shake.
This is not a laughing matter. Please be more serious!
Some players looked very dejected after losing the first round of the match.
At 1pm I was told that my baby had difficult breathing and had to receive oxygen therapy.
Some fungi grew on the bread, throw it away quickly!
Seems that there is the Leonid meteor shower tonight, and tomorrow is a holiday, let's go stargazing!
The police has arrested the suspect related to a rape case.
Ten hours of work per day really make my life deplorable.
The landslide had buried about 200 houses.
The monitor piled up workbooks handed in by students before putting them into the bookshelf.
The economy is not good this year. Sales have been down a lot.
He tried hard to defend his case before the judge, but still he was found guilty by the judge.
You should mind how much alcohol you drink. You can't drink too much.
I want to find a place similar to Hong Kong to live in.
The playwright of the movie is exactly the author of the original novel.
The school gave us a letter to parents, informing us that we are changing the canteen supplier next year.
A-chung, after getting the scholarship, got extravagant and bought a bunch of new furniture.
The students questions the Education Bureau that cancelling the test questions is to create trouble on purpose and without any good reason.
The lift door opens, and I see three people lying on the floor.
Those girls are very close, they're always joking that someday they're going to buy a spinster house and live together [unmarried].
Selfie filter apps are so popular, our privacy is in danger.
I'm crossing my fingers for his/her safe return.
Their only daughter is the jewel of the family indeed.
Her parents worried that she might be led astray by her bad friends.
What can I do that he is not willing to listen to my advice?
I've already delegated this job to Mr. Lee.
He took a document out of the file to read.
I often see the firemen playing volleyball in the fire station.
It's free time now. Let's assemble here at 15:00.
After the incident, she was so shocked and therefore waited until the next morning before calling the police.
In that emergency situation, I could not slow my car down, and even pressed the gas pedal instead.
I think these two brands are just similar.
If you still don't work hard enough, beware that you cannot keep your job.
He works in a vegetable wholesale market. He needs to wake up at 3 a.m. every day.
As a newbie, if your boss does not appreciate your performance, you will not have a good day, which means you are done.
Miss Lok sincerely asks Myolie and Kate to come back to the company to help.
Supplies from home front are also crucial to a war.
You're too generous to buy so many presents to visit me!
He bought a sugarcane for gambling with me, not for eating.
After his wife's affair, he was resolute in his decision to start a new life.
I have finally realize your true nature today.
After the outbreak of the Hong Kong Defense War, a lot of young people turned out to join the army.
Hey you rascal, why don't I see you around recently ? Where did you go to look for money in these days ?
Besides being dubbed, William Chan's advertisement has also become a meme, as it seems like that it could be used in any situation.
On Tin Hau's birthday, there are sounds of gongs and drums, dragon dance, and lion dance in many places.
Seven chairs are enough. Put the other two back.
There are still some pulps in the bowl. Let finish them after sieving out the juice.
I only have little money, it's not enough to buy the latest action figure.
The plots of these soap opera are more or less the same, they are very boring.
Connect these two wires with a screw terminal. Don't solder them.
Buying loads of products of famous brands, she would still overspend even if she earned $40000 a month.
If the bearing wall is removed, the structure of the whole building will be affected.
I know you're awfully irritated, but you shouldn't vent your anger on him!
Last time we travelled to Taiwan and lived in a homestay.
The pilot must keep an eye on the data shown by flight instruments.
He dresses in black every day. He thinks it looks cool.
The bride and bridegroom express their gratitude to the guests because they have received many gifts and greeting cards.
On his birthday he cross-dressed like a lady. He was somehow attractive actually.
Does anyone here have the 2016 examination papers for the Chinese subject?
Miss, we have clothes of every size, you don't need to worry.
What he did is just to test your tolerance.
This old building is so mismanaged that large pieces of concrete peel off and rusty steel bars are exposed.
Having smoked for 30 years, he finally quit last year.
We cannot measure one's success with money.
Our colleague takes leave, but the others are too busy to spare time for his duties.
This is the only solution we have. We should try it anyway.
His emotion is extremely unstable. He can be crying at the moment but smiling in next minute.
You guys are careless, lazy and irresponsible when working, how can I trust you?
He was caught trying to smuggle 3 kilos of heroin into the country.
Your big tummy was once a six-pack.
Cooking with fire is still more preferable than microwave cooking in terms of the taste.
Some people quit their posts and return home, while others rush non-stop to take the imperial examination in the dead of night.
Secondary school physics usually goes up to classical mechanics.
Last night, I dreamt I was a butterfly.
We have a presentation tomorrow, and you're calling in sick now. Are you asking for trouble?
That bitch is really pretentious, she has to speak English even when she orders rice with barbecued pork.
Just help me proofread my grammatical mistakes. No need to look at the content.
Your son is so cute isn't he? I really want to squeeze his tiny cheek!
He and his friends usually adventure into this neglected theater, playing hide-and-seek with each other on its dress circle.
He likes to argue so much. One talk nine back.
We still have no consensus after repeated discussion.
All the stores were closed. It was like a ghost town.
Mrs. Chan will give a feast next week, are you going?
Haven't seen your son for a year. He looks a lot more mature than before.
Starting from the current academic year, junior secondary school students have to take Chinese history as a compulsory subject.
Every character is utterly untidily written. How can I read them?
Our Centre, subordinary to the Faculty of Arts, is non-profit and responsbile for our own profits and losses.
We all agreed to each invest one hundred thousand dollars into this project. You aren't backing out are you?
The bank has frozen all his bank accounts under restraint orders.
Nowadays instant self-serving portrait photo booths are set up in every MTR station, it's very convenient.
I wrote a computer program to count the number of primes between 2 and 100000.
We need one more player for the mahjong game! Find someone!
Are you telling me you youngsters are out of breath just from running a bit?
This house is not only very comfortable but extremely spacious.
A number of people were guarding the building against intruders.
He spilled his lunch prepared by his grandmother. Now the time and effort she's put in is now wasted.
If the government does not subsidise us, we won't be able to carry out many of our research projects.
Astrologists have recently discovered a new planet.
The Kong girls nowadays are unwilling to sleep with the corrupt police officers.
Brigadier Lawson was killed in action in defense of Hong Kong.
Could you calmly listen to my explanation first?
The city is blessed with sufficient sunlight which makes their crops grown better.
Everyone uses their mobile phones to take pictures. There aren't many photolabs left.
He hasn't eaten for a few day. Now he would think everything is tasty.
They threw a dinner party and he showed up without being invited. Nobody paid attention to him, so all he could do was play on his phone.
This opportunity is very rare that you won't come across through seeking. You have to seize it well.
If you continue to do exercise, your health will improve.
I finished this book within two nights without a break.
He is the world's leading psychologist.
You'd better behave yourself, or I'll punish you at home.
We should not back away from difficulties, instead we shall face them down.
Last night Typhoon Signal No. 8 was issued. Strong winds blew some containers into the sea.
If you don't know how, just observe how others do. Don't mess up.
We cannot know the real thoughts of ancient people.
The marker has a loose hand on marking papers and it's easy to score grade A.
This guy always goes around swindling people. He's managed to con so much money out of them.
It's very easy to make me happy, for example, you treat me a meal.
It is better to move to a cheaper area after retirement.
This morning has seen the large fluctuation of this bond.
He realised that he can't study chiropractic in Hong Kong, so he went to the US for it.
Rain is turning heavier tonight. Residents in low-lying area should be aware.
The Public Libraries is inviting library patrons to take part in a series of Reader Liaison Group tea gatherings to express their views.
Dried flowers can be kept longer and do not seem to get wasted too soon.
In traditional Chinese medical theory, pressing the philtrum can increase the blood pressure, it is effective for emergency case like coma or shock.
To nurture the intuitive grasp of a second language, it is essential to read and listen more.
Vietnam was colonised by France. Some buildings in Hanoi are rich in foreign style.
Women and children have low social status in the traditional Chinese society.
If you hadn't been so compliant, I would have treated you with a bullet in the head.
A friendly reminder: no food or drink inside the cinema.
We lost the championship finals by a point and, with shame, became silver medalists for the third time.
You seriously believe she's pregnant? It's just groundless rumour.
I'll leave for New York tomorrow, I'll give you a call when I arrive.
That's none of your business. Why are you stirring things up? You're a dick!
Beijing and HKSAR are looking into reducing the number of individual visitors from mainland China, and there seems to be some progress.
Rabies is a disease with a 100% mortality rate. It can be prevented but cannot be cured. Contracting the disease is basically the same as having a death sentence.
With a very clear understanding of the international situation, he foresaw the war.
They are so close. Are they a couple?
I just bought a sous vide set home. Let me prepare a few dishes for tonight.
Those two gangs was fighting for territory, and is now having a reconciliation dinner in that restaurant.
As soon as he received the news that his son had been injured, he rushed to the hospital in a panic.
The brothers refused to give way to each other. They even started fighting.
When they heard the good news, they coincidentally both started singing the national anthem.
This class is very demanding. Are you sure you want to take it?
This website steals articles from elsewhere all the time, and has no respect for the authors. We should report them until they are taken down!
Today we play Monopoly with real money. Be serious!
Ethnic / cultural Chinese like to perform lion dances or dragon dances during the lunar new year or other festivals to liven things up.
What? Don't you get it? He's obviously implying something to you.
He rushed to the washroom the instant he got back home.
Yesterday I strained my neck and went to the hospital. I'm not going to be able to play basketball with y'all tomorrow.
He is in charge of the project this time.
Your father is a reasonable person, he certainly won't disagree with you getting married to a westerner.
Those greedy governors have done so many evil things, and they will be struck by lightning!
Richard is one of the most attractive males in the legal industry.
You can finish all your school work once and for all, then it's done.
There isn't anything new going on. It's just a daily routine, going to work and waiting to get off from work.
Some say that greed is the most condemnable aspect of human nature.
Above all, an administrative director must be able to appoint the right ones to appropriate duties.
I had three part-time jobs when I was studying in the university.
To prevent from getting contagious diseases, please pay attention to the following points.
Since you opened a grocery store in such a small housing estate, you'll only do business with the same group of people, therefore you'll never become wealthy.
The full devotion in completion of the task in solidarity marks sincerity.
My dream is to visit Africa to see the Animal Migration.
Water is essential to human body.
It's surprising that the typhoon can make a second strike, even getting stronger.
He has recently behaved unusually.  Is he taking drugs?
Don't point the gun at people, be careful that it might discharge accidentally!
Don't bend your waist while sitting. Your waist will hurt when you get old.
In the old times, many girls became housewives after marriage.
There are five things you must do as a university student.
One should learn more crafts that can earn you a living, so that you could survive even if you got laid off. Doesn't that make perfect sense?
He requested for a two-month leave, and wrote a book in one go.
I haven't written to her for long and don't know where to start.
Fuck, is this goldfish tank just a dummy? Why are the chicks staring and smiling at me?
Every day, A-chung stays at home watching Moe anime girls and never exercises. Now his waist gets thick.
Stopping at slogan-chanting in public demonstrations is merely worthless lip service.
We will stand firm and fight against such an unfair decision.
In order to reduce the work of dubbing, TVB is going to cancel NICAM of TV drama and film broadcast on Pearl.
We are having an outdoor barbecue. Can someone go get two bags of charcoal, please?
A chicken egg needs 21 days to hatch and become a chick.
A-chung went to play arm wrestling with a muscular man. A-chung already spent half an hour trying to pull, but the muscular man's arm remained totally still.
When I go to Chinese restaurant, I must order steamed dumpling with pork and  shrimp dumpling.
All leather goods here in my factory are hand-crafted. Those mass-produced products simply can't compare.
We have to mobilise the whole nation to fight against the epidemic.
Every school in Hong Kong has a myth of being on a mass grave.
You're very busy but you agree to do so much voluntary work. Aren't you asking for trouble?
To keep increasing the social benefit will not solve the problem, an extra portion of benefit, will only attract another group of people to compete for it, instead we should think of helping the people to get a job and get out of the situation.
People's fate is determined. You do not know how to pick up girls, accept your fate.
Shit! How did he get promoted? He does not deserve that position at all.
He is so great at controlling the ball that he can juggle with his foot a hundred times without it touching the ground.
He uses his well-built body and good-looking face to his advantage to commit to casual sex relationships. He has one-night stand and swaps sex partners all the time.
If you don't go to the railway station immediately, you will miss the train.
Having sexual intercourse during women's ovulatory period increases the chance of pregnancy.
That guy tried to get me to buy his insurance products. I pretended I didn't see him.
Different activities leads here have festive flavour.
Your son will be stressed out from all the things you make him learn.
I'll do the homework at night. Let me take an afternoon nap.
The intensity of rhythm is very important when discussing music.
Your essay is like a foot binding cloth, long and tedious.
The unemployment rate has increased by 0.2% this month.
To hit this quota, we must make an extra effort.
Are those raw oysters edible? They seem a bit stale.
Since businesses in other countries can survive with controls on working hours and a minimum wage, I'm sure it will work in Hong Kong.
They say you can get addicted to sleeping pills with incremental dosage. I know that already, but I just don't want to suffer anymore!
How could you forget buying a bottle of water for the speaker?
The newcomer cannot get in any formed circle and is isolated by everyone.
This dish looks unattractive, but it doesn't taste bad.
Seldom doing exercise recently, I feel I am getting fat and heavy.
Fuck off. Who do you think you are?
You won't faint after a knifehand strike at the back of your neck. Don't take the movies too serious.
You've just been discharged from hospital, so don't walk around. Stay home and take some rest!
How could you protect your love when you are weak?
There are two hours left. It will expire at 7 o'clock tonight.
He is always cheerful and smiles a lot in front of people, but indeed he has concealed a lot of sorrows in his heart.
They had to delay the exam as the papers were not in the examination hall to begin with.
This one year course includes too many things. The students can't remember all of them.
Please be careful moving things around. If you break something, I'm responsible.
Such character of yours will be an obstacle from success one day.
Now we have to stay in the queue for three hours, just for the buy-one-get-one-free ice cream? That's a way to suffer oneself!
Tidy up your toys!
I thought we are good fellows, I didn't expect he would cheat me.
You don't seem to wear these two boxes of winter clothes very often.
The government has announced a number of measures to stimulate the economy.
The saleable area of this flat is only 200 square feet.
In recent years, study rooms are dubbed "Lan Kwai Fong for students".
Our teacher has played a foreign cartoon to us today.
Shit it's a dead end. The gang is chasing just behind!
I fell down stairs when I was little so my left hand was seriously injured.
Despite its tense political situation, it still attracts a flock of tourists.
Qin Shi Huang enslaved his people, burnt books and buried scholars. Many regard him as a tyrant.
Worshippers please do not bring large incense sticks and candles. A lit thread incense stick is enough to express your sincerity.
On the one hand I want to go to the hospital to visit him, but on the other hand I don't want to disturb him when he is taking a rest.
Do you want your ramen to be spicy?  I cannot eat food that is too spicy, just a little bit is enough.
This policeman has already turned traitor and he is not credible again.
Do you know what the unit digit of 9 to the power of 9 is?
The battery of the mobile ran out so fast like how water is poured. It needs recharging again.
Nowadays only few marine people still live in pang uk.
His words are earnest enough to prompt one to deep thought.
Hong Kong book stores usually don't set up a rack for fantasy books, but place them under the sci-fi rack.
This communications system does not allow two people to speak at the same time.
When facing an intricate enigma, deconstruct it to manageable pieces and then tackle them in accordance to their own features.
If you don't hold my hand tightly, an ugly woman will come and take you away.
That genius kid unconventionally got admitted to an university at the age of fourteen.
After my character has leveled up, a new map is revealed.
Comrades are close to one another. Once split, they will be all done.
I sent a letter by air mail to my sister living in the UK.
There are many ethnic groups in Hong Kong, and they live at peace with each other.
This laptop is worthless. I've just used it a few times and then it stopped working.
The Chinese Temples Committee directly administers 24 temples.
The keyboard of my computer is out of order, and I can't type anymore.
I oppose this so-called constitutional reform package unequivocally, resolutely and without reservations.
You guys should thank god as soon as possible that you were still alive after such an accident.
I heard drinking lemon water can brighten our skin.
This lady, as she passed by, saw $10000 left behind on the ground. Not picking up the money, she called the police and waited for their arrival.
Smallpox has completely disappeared in this place.
Uh oh. Somehow I thought the deadline was next month.
You can kill me, but thousands of my kind remains.
There are Shing Wong temples in both Yau Ma Tei and Shau Kei Wan.
There is a function again that we need to host. It seems that we will be busy for some time.
This plan has a monthly fee of $198. It's a two year contract and comes with 2GB data.
Everyone came in pairs and I was the only one who's single.
Wheat is a kind of raw material, but flour is not.
She made a huge mistake and thus was demoted.
Why did you put the washed clothes on the floor? How could you have done so!
This movie ends without the murderer tracked down and arrested. I bet there must be a sequel.
No newspaper in this town has any credibility.
He defeated his opponent within three minutes.
Once the new party took office, the former government officials were purged left and right.
Even I am not familiar with the stroke order of some Chinese characters.
Teachers will often require students to sit cross-legged during PE lessons.
Leave him alone to deal with his own stuff, so as to avoid hindering more than helping him.
Photographers collect various kinds of photos which portray different facets of Hong Kong.
This set contains all of the even numbers.
For those who never gain weight no matter how much they have eaten, tell them to cosplay skeletons in Halloween this year!
There was a gang fight last night in Mong kok, bullets were flying everywhere.
The two of them have hidden conflicts, which make them argue with each other every time they meet.
I think the webpage has a simple, user-friendly layout, but it's a bit boring.
If you really want it, I can give you for a fixed price of ten dollars.
When faced with obstacles, we should work together to overcome them instead of fighting against each other.
I must get the doll from that machine today!
I've forgotten my wallet, can you pay for me first?
We don't always have time to gather so happily. Let's take a photo to remember it!
The next season of the drama is including the same team of people as original.
I'd prefer overtime compensation, rather than commission.
After 2 years of diligence, he has finally been promoted to manager.
Starting from today, the Lap Chun, all new-born babies belong to the Chinese zodiac sign of sheep. I wish all mothers, mothers-to-be and babies health and happiness, may all wishes come true.
He was just sitting here, but in the blink of an eye, he was gone.
You want us to complete 100 math questions by tomorrow? What drug are you on?
He became a new person after studying in America.
I've just claimed the expenses for buying a spare battery a couple days ago.
There was a man talking loudly in the metro for the whole time.
The twin sisters look very alike, so much so that we cannot distinguish who is who.
Let me go and say hello to the friend at that table.
My wife has an affair. I really don't know what I've done wrong.
To be a good man, you not only have to be cautious, smart, but you also have to do your job with heart.
Today, columns of three writers will publish blank columns in protest.
Governments across the world are devils of the same kind, which people cannot trust entirely.
My younger brother has had schizophrenia for 20 years, and he needs an injection every month.
What mum said is good for you. Don't always contradict her.
He doesn't look like a local at all; his skin is so white!
This man, wearing a well-tailored suit, dressed decently, molested a schoolgirl on an MTR train; all that glitters is not gold.
Teenagers nowadays don't exercise, only a few steps can make them short of breath.
It's so hot today, making me completely sweaty.
Do you like me? Why do you always peek at me?
Even when Britain was a member of the European Union, its currency was still pound sterling.
Are you sure the enemy of your enemy is your friend?
Let me meet up with my friend first. I will see you in the restaurant later!
Don't be surreptitious, we should play fair and square.
Don't take that seriously! It's gonna be fine soon.
She's quite pretty, you don't have to be so surprised that she's got many admirers.
For perverts, watching young girls in swimsuits running around at the swimming pool is certainly a sexually fulfilling "spectator sport".
Hey, did you know that the guy you're having a crush on came out of the closet yesterday?
He was issued a penalty notice for violating the group gathering regulation.
Mr Ho is suffering from a tragic disaster, he couldn't sleep till he was plastered.
You have applied nail polish onto the edges! Use the nail polish remover to wash it off!
He spares no effort in working for this project.
It has been raining for hours. Give it a break please!
The program is comprehensive, including courses from personal finance up to cash management.
When I stand I always shift my centre of mass to put the weight on my right leg.
He believed that the role of the HR department was to help staff make good use of their talent, so as to push forward organisational development.
I have known these old chaps for about ten years.
You are always late and you are late for two hours today. That's really outrageous!
The school regulation stipulates that students must arrive by 8 a.m..
There are many who abuse others' sympathy by pretending to be disabled to get donations.
The new edition of this game has a different developer from the previous one.
I didn't want to be the chairman, but my classmates forced me
I hadn't known some university jargon before I asked my elder sister.
There is no space for parking in here. Let's go somewhere else.
That old man keeps rocking when walking, I'm afraid he would fall.
After Sally had come first to cross the finish line, we went there and congratulated her on having won her race.
During wartime, inhumane tragedies are almost inevitable.
People of another culture do not understand our idioms.
Grand Prix motor racing began in 1894.
Hey, your fly is down. Go fix it in the bathroom, we're going to meet some clients soon!
This scene has to be finished shooting within 30 minutes.
We have our own stance. Let's ask someone else to give us comments.
Wearing contact lens excessively may harm your eyes.
We usually watch TV while having dinner.
Our son is in the police station now, please bail him out as soon as possible.
The discharged prisoners are discharged a bit earlier because they have behaved themselves in the jail.
When the superstar appeared, the whole venue was super excited.
This film has a tight plot in the first half but a messed up one in the second half.
The producers of these soap dramas are just beating a dead horse—all these supposed new titles are merely repetitions of the same old plot under new casts.
Nowadays in summer not many wear sandals, do they?
If a country doesn't want to be bullied, it must strive to become stronger.
Regardless of his integrity, no one from this company tops him in terms of ability.
She's been adorably chubby since she was small.
The color didn't quite stick last time I dye my hair and has to be done again.
He swung a fist at me. Luckily I swiftly dodged it.
This policy is very important to Hong Kong's future development.
He can surely win in any quarrel as he is so silver-tongued.
I cannot do it because I do not have administrator permissions.
Something's wrong with my computer - I can't boot it up.
She demands to be treated fairly, yet insists I pay the bill every single time.
It comes out to be a waste that my dream girl is in relationship with this brainless muscle man.
This person's appearance is a bit strange and kinda ugly.
This nation suddenly claims to possess nuclear weaponry.
I didn't want to go back home, so I wandered around the streets for two hours.
farmers set a yoke on a pair of ox before began plowing.
Many people make a solemn vow before getting married but do nothing afterwards.
Lately gran-gran's eye has gotten a lot worse; she has just 30% of her vision left.
Including the Cantonese, many subgroups of Han Chinese traditionally believe that moths are linked to ghosts of the dead.
She does everything attentively. She wouldn't have problems in taking care of a baby.
I have everything that I don't think I lack anything.
Ouch, my back. How hurt it is!
This dude keeps letting our enemy off, very likely a traitor.
When you're upset you always put on a bitch face without saying why. How could we know what you're angry about?
We should protect our environment and use fewer disposable lunch boxes.
This revision guide concentrates a 600-word text into a couple sentences.
You have to stay in this department and work a rotation no matter what.
The plan is progressing very smoothly. Nothing bad should be going to happen.
Everyone entering and leaving this building are required to use a pass.
The completing hand of Thirteen Orphans has the maximum number of possible tiles of 13.
This experiment has corroborated my theory.
He is still too young to understand things very quickly. Be patient and try to teach him step by step.
exchange rate US dollar to Japanese yen rose for 3 days, it softens today.
The composition is well written but irrelevant to the topic, so marks are deducted.
This precious stone is one of a kind. It's perfect!
I have finally closed the deal, everything is going to be alright now.
Being inspired by his peers, Siu-ming started studying hard.
During holidays, we will extend opening hours.
He's flush with joy. What happened?
It is better to resign the job by following rules to have a good beginning and ending.
You are such a black sheep! It is you who refused practicing that makes us failed to win the singing contest.
I felt much better after talking to him.
After her husband died, she has been living alone.
The Southern Song Dynasty was attacked repeatedly by the Mongols, and then slowly declined.
How could this young man cheat the elderly out of their pensions? Shame on him!
My father's snoring is so loud that I can hear it even when sleeping in the room next door.
Drug trafficking and drug dealing have aggravated in recent years, so Narcotics Bureau has become more important as well.
The Japanese yen has kept depreciating recently. It's time to travel to Japan!
The desk occupies too much space. Why don't we throw it away?
The selected players will be representing Hong Kong in this World Cup.
He delivered his speech at ease without feeling a bit scared.
The plot of the drama is full of twists and turns that the audience were delighted.
On the night of New Year Eve, the area around the Victoria Harbour got very noisy.
He dabbles in everything and achieves nothing.
The application procedures are very complicated. You'd better prepare for it early!
You didn't cover the girl with your umbrella in such heavy rain and didn't treat her tenderly at all.
Quite a lot of my friends are keen to discuss how good nursing is, as if they were preaching.
He is so broke that he went to he pawnshop to pawn his bed sheet.
Compared with science subjects, literature explores for humanity so substantially.
They have deep hatred for each other. They never talk to each other.
During the flight, the pilot must keep in touch with the ground control.
I'm almost 40, you know. I can't possibly act cute to win people's hearts.
My dad likes teaching people how to distinguish whether a person is good or not.
Come on in and work out with me, you frail people!
I had vaginal spotting at six weeks of gestation, then it was confirmed to be a blighted ovum on ultrasound.
This piece of article interviewed and written by a senior reporter is well received.
You have to brush your teeth every day, or you'll get a cavity.
Press the rubbish inside if the bin is not big enough.
The number of women of marriageable age has significantly increased over the last few years.
Mr. Wai-ming Chung had the honorary title of "the King of Broadcasting" when he was alive.
Jumping from height, hanging and charcoal-burning are common methods of suicide.
Royalties are to be paid at a rate of 12% if we are going to publish his novel.
The woman who lives upstairs is actually working as a prostitute.
When I was small, I dreamt of sitting on the red palanquin in the wedding of myself and my future husband.
Last week, you were so confident in saying that you would finish the assignment by today, but it's due tomorrow and you're still not done.
My sister felt aggrieved because she was fired without reason the end of last year.
After 10pm, there are many illegal hawkers setting up stalls for business.
Suppose that you're the boss. How would you handle this matter?
1 µm is 1/1000000 m.
Telephone deceptions were found everywhere. We should beware of them.
Come on. You gotta share those tasty chips with us.
Information technology keeps changing over time. We can spread a message over the world very quickly.
How poeple get along with others determines whether to stay in or to leave it. You don't have to force it.
After he got a grasp on the others' history, he refuses to meet them.
You as children should not meddle in parents' affairs.
LegCo members urge the Registration and Electoral Office to investigate the allegations of vote rigging.
Scientists have succeeded to train a chimpanzee to do arithmetic.
She knows I am lying. Does she have the ability to read my mind?
He invited all of us here, but he himself is not showing up, what kind of tricks is he trying to pull?
You've gone out with your girlfriend for so long already; have you not had sex with her yet?
Where should we set up a street booth in order to reach the most of the neighbourhood? Ask the local district councillor, they know it the best.
Many singers wish to hold their concerts in Hong Kong Coliseum once they enter the industry.
I don't use a drinking straw to drink coke. It's more satisfying to just gulp it all down.
He always talks to you, I think somewhat he likes you.
His arrogance does not allow himself to seek help from others easily.
This could be an overbooked flight. Remember to check in earlier or you may not have a seat.
I wonder after a decade how this city will become.
The society is money-oriented. There is no such thing as true friendship.
He broke a child's leg because the child accidentally stepped on his foot! How cruel he is!
The Soviet Union has already disintegrated and is splited into 15 nation states.
Why the fuck did you go to an evil-bone parlour if you just wanted to relax?
We are in the same school and he is junior to me. But we are not that close.
Ew! You are so disgusting, picking your nose in the street...
We still have not solved this core problem.
He finally realized that he had been fooled all along.
When the boss was on a business trip, his assistant was in control of everything alone and made all the decisions.
Even to this day, scientists are still struggling to explain why dinosaurs went extinct.
Girls love raw food like sashimi and salad for the sake of their healthiness, as there is not a drop of oil nor a grain of salt in them.
After the war, many houses became wrecked and broken.
A prosperous economy encourages people to consume more.
This time you are "thick first division legs in mini skirt" - expose the shortcomings by your own !
You've done so many evil things; you'd better beware of karma!
Today an organization is coming to our school to promote the anti-drug message.
Our coming academic forum will feature speeches by scholars from all around the world.
A time limit is set—finish the task within 40 seconds.
The over-harvesting of sea turtle eggs can lead to the extinction of sea turtle.
I won't go to the Christmas ball unless you accompany me.
In fact you knew all the answers, your main problem is that you were too careless.
Our football team was utterly defeated by others.
The boss just said that the talks went south, and told us to show up.
He is quite a sensible person.
He felt bad when he realized his error.
Very busy these days, quite a lot of this and that.
He lost a lot of blood. The doctor transfused 4 packs of plasma into him.
The space is just enough for a cupboard.
The government encourages couples to have at least four children.
You always moaning for such a simple reqeust.
Although the doctor advised him to retire, he goes to work as usual.
He is only twelve, but he started dating at such a young age.
When you attend a job interview, the most important thing is to leave a good impression.
You make your son study English, French and Japanese at the same time. Can he really learn all of them successfully?
Unexpectedly he did not get defeated by the champion last year. He even won by a wide margin.
Everyone please remember what we've learnt in class today.
Eating at home is of course cheaper than dining out.
I have a headache. Can you hand me some medicine?
The overall taste of the food is not bad.
Lift up your head while walking to show your confidence!
If you complete those tasks now at once, then you wouldn't have to worry about them later.
The government is now cracking down the unlicensed taxi, causing all the drivers dare not to take customer for a ride.
Nowadays, many university students worry about their future prospects.
You are really knowledgeable about products! The skirt that you've chosen is cheap and pretty.
Can you end the phone call? It's been three hours...
The applicant for this position must have a master's degree.
The three primary colours cannot be produced by mixing other colours.
This picture with the prince in full military uniform is beaming with power.
They are getting married in the 30th this month if nothing goes wrong.
She does not mind netizens' exposing her photos in public.
I wonder whether I will live to see universal suffrage in Hong Kong.
If the law don't have a clear definition, there will be a loophole that can be used.
You can apply for this job only if you have a reference letter.
Some rooftops of service reservoir are allocated as playgrounds; some remain idle.
No wonder the room is suffocating; it has no window.
She would rather repeat her sixth year of secondary school than apply for an associate degree course.
You hope to seek attention by making up rumours and stirring up things, right?
How dare you send that nobody in to negotiate with me? You think I'm a flunky?
Passengers who occupy multiple seats are the most despicable.
Recruiting someone responsible is a must. We never recruit someone just with a pretty face.
The officer did nothing but split the society apart.
Apologize to him for me when you see him.
I know the opponent is no match for you. But don't be over-confident and underestimate him.
He was born on 29th February. He celebrates his birthday once every four years.
I didn't know he is this dirty, I mean, he didn't take a shower for days.
Your swaggering action irritates people easily.
My neighbour's kid is still playing the violin so badly in the middle of the night. I have to make a complaint to the building management office.
When I was a kid, I was a terrible student who was consistently bottom of the class in examinations.
At Christmas, both streets and lanes are lively.
Learn to do this on your own. Do not ask for help all the time.
It would be awful if you really think in this way!
It's common for a HK woman to marry a foreign guy. But it's rare for a HK male to marry a foreign woman.
In light of the recent uptick in theft, please be more careful with your belongings.
Only he can stand our boss's pursuit of perfect design.
Hongkongese and Cantonese from the mainland both love eating Cantonese cuisine.
The chairman said he's not qualified to be vice-chancellor because he's only got a master's degree.
Due to lack of funding, the centre will cease its operations starting next month.
He lost in a match, but this is not his fault.
The service agreement includes free inspections, but you will have to pay additional charges for parts.
This flat has got tidy rooms, and a great view of scenery, should be good to live in.
"Three Friends of Winter" is the collective term for the pine, bamboo and plum.
Work-from-home arrangement also applies in our company. Thus generally speaking, I can just hide myself at home as a dispirited old folk through and through.
She's hardworking that she gets up at six to start business every morning.
I can't sleep thanks to our rowdy neighbours. I've filed several complaints but nothing changes.
This kick is so brutal that can make one retire, I'm afraid he's got the bone broken on leg.
A free gift will be offered for any purchase over $100, first come first served.
He placed the cremated ashes of his grandmother with great care on the third floor of this temple.
After my parents passed away, my boyfriend became my only source of spiritual support.
Someone just died. Isn't it a bit heartless to talk about property price now.
These bastards! Call the police and get media's attention!
She is going to sing the songs from her master on the stage tonight.
They are both from Hong Kong, and as they speak the same language, they find it much easier to talk with each other.
Hey, we're all friends here, no need to be so fierce, right?
This nail polish brand is safe for pregnant women.
Such a nice deal is too good to be true. Be realistic!
As I grew up, I have become more open-minded and learnt to be calm.
A man was trapped under the mud and firemen spent two hours rescuing him.
Stop strring the congee please, you make the water oozing out now.
Passengers, please finish the boarding procedures at the airline's counter.
The police raised the red banner to warn the protestors to stop charging.
They had a big fight last night, that's why they're in a huff with each other today.
After the competition results were announced, the audience cheered loudly.
When I was in distress, my friends gave a helping hand to me. This was why I could get over it.
I doubt whether you have a delusion disorder as you always suspect others of having conspiracies.
I bought two business class tickets at first, it turned out they ran out of seats, and upgraded us to first class without any extra charge.
It's every man for himself. If you suck, you get eliminated. That's just how society works.
In the chaos, even the police have given up on dispersing the crowd.
Your son is a year and half years old. Have you found a nursery school for him?
Finally I can leave this inhumane company!
In the Olympics in 2012, Hong Kong  gymnast Angel Wong Hiu-ying got onto the balance beam with a movement she designed herself. The movement was thus named after her name.
You preferred boys to girls so you didn't pay for my school fee.
He just got a bruise on his knee. It is such a trivial matter to take to the hospital!
Don't hurt small animals. Do believe in Karma. You won't end up well after this.
Although his invention is very special, it's not practical. Therefore nobody has been interested in it until now.
He has been in depression since his family member passed away.
Staying together is most important for our strike. We should not go back to work on our own just because we can't stand it.
He looks frivolous and playful. Why would you choose him among all the decent men?
[The company] is unworthy of earning so much. Let's evade the fare.
George Orwell is his favourite novelist.
You should close the lid more tightly, otherwise the biscuits inside would be moistened.
His has a very serious hair loss, he almost becomes blad.
Siu-ming has his wound infected, which is now inflamed.
A student caught a mistake of the teacher and had a contemptuous look on their face.
Sigh, I'm really in need of money recently, I even have to pawn my watch.
The seafood restaurant was founded in 1962.
After a 3-year freeze on fares, MTR is seeking an average increase of 3.1%.
He has signed his will and it is kept by his lawyer.
There are loads of people smoking around the bin outside during lunch time.
If you're interested in placing an order, you can email me directly.
It is written clearly on the contract that one month notice is needed for resignation.
Your son is sleeping soundly. Don't wake him up.
Physicist Nick Wong has read many books in a variety of types, and he even knows fung shui and practice of physiognomy.
Ah Ming has applied a leave for attending a funeral. He will not be on duty today.
We have been contacting with the buying for a while, and have built up a good rapport.
Don't be so arrogant even though you scored 100.
Only the form of his idea looks novel, not to mention his ordinary rhetoric.
This guys is always absent minded, can never concentrate to complete a task.
He aimed high but accomplished little, his sales forecast was too optimistic, in the end not even half of the target was met.
Can you please quit? Don't stay here and bring burdens on us!
My wife and my mom are arguing. What a terrible dilemma! If I support either of them I will die.
The boss says we can leave work early for the winter solstice celebration!
Hey I didn't flirt with his wife, she came over and let me cum inside her cunt instead.
A-ching is afraid of dogs. She'll turn around and leave as soon as she sees a dog.
The vaccine has been given full approval by the relevant authorities in the U.S.
The prescribed minimum hourly wage was just $28 per hour at first.
When you are out for groceries, remember to pay the utility bills at the post office on your way back as well.
Last night I bought a new game. It's fun!
This is an attractive screenplay. We'll consider making it into a TV drama.
A minute! Don't open the door yet, I haven't finish putting on my clothes.
She does not want to see you. You should stop bothering her.
He fell five floors and was fortunately saved by a canvas canopy that cushioned the impact.
She is so agitated now, she won't listen to anybody at all.
What a wonderful experience it is to have a living baby inside one's tummy.
Hey I saw you making out with someone today.
You must be dedicated to serving our country, so its sovereignty can perdure.
Triads make a living with "protection fees". Rooting out hawkers means cutting off triads' revenue stream.
Don't assume that he will definitely succeed, even if he has great ambitions.
Sigh, I think I flopped the exam, I will probably need to retake it next year.
I can record the time you need to run 100 meters.
After 3 months, the situation of SARS in Hong Kong was under control.
He fell from the 5th floor, with his whole body impacting the ground. There's no way he survived.
A: "So what will you eat?" B: "Rice with Chinese style roast pork for me, beef brisket with curry for her."
Scientists have developed a new technology that allows vegetative patients to communicate with the outside world.
Ever since grandma got sick, grandpa look after her with great care.
He and I have been friends for ten years; we have a lot of unforgettable memories.
He is the kind that would not admit his fault unless you give him a proper bashing.
He won the third prize of Mark Six. He is so happy that he started screaming.
He's been working for this company for so long; you should appreciate his hard work. How can you just fire him like that?
Please don't ignore me. I can apologise if you want.
In order to enter university, he studies hard every day.
The reason for our loss in this competition was that you were so egotistic and failed to cooperate with teammates.
No one expected that she would become a new action movie actress after a few years.
After that activity, we do not have any intersection.
That's very generous of you to treat me a meal out of your pocket again.
Ah Ming majored in mathematics in university. His graduation thesis was related to calculus.
This ninety-year-old person has a total of fifty descendants/children and grandchildren.
If there're no bad guys, how are you going to provide contrast with the main character's righteousness?
Real Madrid is losing by one goal but I bet on them to win.
You are so provocative. It is lucky that you haven't got beaten up yet.
She put on a low-cut dress and dressed up well for the dinner gathering tonight.
She didn't eat for the whole day, and, unable to withstand the hunger, ate a piece of cake at midnight.
Just a little cockroach can make you shout like that, do you need me to do some ritual to call your soul back ?
Lengthy talks make no use in elections. To persuade voters, why not tell us how you can benefit voters once elected?
I assure you I will definitely not let the secret out.
What sort of drug have you had him taken to make him fall for you?
Hong Kong is being transformed into a knowledge-based economy.
Our review is not personal, we should not engage others in personalities.
I declare with utmost sincerity that he and I have no relationship at all!
I have learned quite a lot from this mistake. That can be chalked up as a gain of some sort.
I got sick after getting sneezed at.
The "Physical Measurement Enhancement Pilot Project" aims to promote using standardised methods to measure height and weight; and to heighten parents' awareness of their children's physical health status.
My heart skipped a beat when the stock market went busted.
She learnt to play piano by herself. She wasn't taught by any teacher.
He wants to do everything by himself, no matter how trivial it is.
You'd better check his background - I heard that he's spent a couple of years in prison.
It was his first trip to a city and a hillbilly like him has never seen such depravity.
The cake is too hard, and not tasty at all.
If you don't hold your momma's hand, you are gonna get kidnapped.
He makes friends everywhere and it seems that he knows everyone.
The two companies increases the prices insanely, being greedy to earn every cent.
Most generators convert thermal energy to electric energy.
Generally speaking, marks will be deducted for late submission of assignments. However, if the student was so sick that he/she couldn't submit his/her work, that would be treated differently.
Demonstrators all wore black T-shirts to participate in the demonstration.
Fai's very likely to win this competition. We can think about how to celebrate for him in advance.
Both of us can profit from this trade, it's a win-win situation.
I had been insomniac for recent nights, so I had to try listening to some lullaby.
I played games the whole night. For the exam, I'm planning to just rely on my innate talent.
This team is as loosely united as a bowl of loose sand, it certainly cannot win this match.
Why did you unleash your frustration on me unprovoked? Are you out of your mind?
Communism is a kind of socialism.
A responsible firefighter will protect the injured even in a dangerous situation.
He's not such a good person, you don't deserve to work yourself to death for him.
You can pay however you like - in cash, by cheque, or by credit card.
A-chung claimed he has a girlfriend who's a supermodel. I know it's a lie.
The boss trusts his ability and keeps assigning important tasks to him.
Such strange topics would rouse her curiosity.
He was transferred to another department. He's not here right now.
Just one of cheating, hitting women or gambling addiction makes one a bad man. He does all of them!
He left in haste and even forgot to bring along his wallet.
This match has obviously been fixed, with the score run up so high.
She often sneaks into the store room to skive off work.
After he got the big prize, he was so joyful that he talked senselessly.
He is just sitting there and staring blankly. No one knows where his mind is off to.
These napkins are really expensive; it's so wasteful you use them to wipe the floor!
Your account has run out of money.
Street counters are set up to help citizens register as voters.
It was obviously due to his mistake that we overspent on the project. Why should we have to bear the consequences for him?
Go and sit under the trees if you are feeling hot.
The property owner has raised the rent within half a year! How can we bear it?
We've been walking for quite long. Let's stop by the pavilion and take a rest.
My mum likes it, but my wife says she doesn't. That's just making things difficult for me.
Everyone felt insecure once they heard that the company was planning layoffs.
When Chinese people get married, the groom has to send the gift money to the bride's parents.
Injured at work, he has no job and no income for a few months.
Look at you, just a small compliment and your face is already bright red.
Will you go to the coming inter-school ball?
Whatever aspiration or ambition you have, your father, I, will support you.
Why are you tipping him $100? You hate the money or not?
It is a grand goal to compose the first online Cantonese dictionary.
That curry made me thirsty. Let's get something to drink.
He told me clearly that he wouldn't come to the ball.
As you'll be going for a trip during the summer vacation, let dad subsidise you one thousand dollars.
We have already recruited a few students to help transcribe the recordings.
You need to have your own opinion and cannot be controlled by others.
The WHO is a large scale organisation.
It is already usual for a P.1 student to get private tutoring?
Taking a math test without a calculator is like going into the battlefield without a gun.
You haven't even taken a cable car before? You are such a country bumpkin.
You're so old already, you should be generous instead of picking on the child!
I am learning to cook recently, the temperature inside the kitchen is quite demanding. You wouldn't even need five minutes to be sweaty.
Although this player has won many local prizes, he does not meet the standard of the World Player of the Year.
He is a keyboard warrior that only speak the empty talk on the Internet.
Besides being a good employee, he is also a good father.
Can you make progress and not let our family decline after your generation!
The sun shines ever so brightly today, perhaps it's finally the time for our trip to beach.
You can go to a gay bar even though you're not gay. Let me bring you there.
There should be much more than enough time if you arrive at the airport three hours before departure.
Wow, the birthday cake looks so attractive, when could we have it?
The actual number of people coming to the concert was different from what was reported in the newspaper.
This company has been trimming a lot of fat after the privatization that brings itself to bear its own cost.
After months of negotiation, European Union finally agrees to rescue Greece from an economic crisis.
Youngsters are usually rebellious and cynical.
Car repairer often has a pneumatic torque wrench in his shop for easing his work.
The boss is looking for you regarding some important matters, and asked you to go to his office immediately.
As long as we can act together, we must be able to break into the city.
Ming was punished by teacher for daydreaming in class.
My formal job title is event assistant, but most of the time I'm really just fooling around and pouring people drinks.
This is a short circuit, because there is no resistor.
If we arrive there earlier, we can avoid lots of trouble.
The fire spread quickly via stairways to engulf the entire building and every floor was burned.
He is too eager for instant success and quick benefit. He even betrays his friend for success.
You are now just over thirty, it's time for you to find a woman to marry.
I am not liking my "goddess" anymore. I quit. I just want to find a nice girl to live happily with ever after.
Please report yourselves by calling out numbers, starting from number one on the right hand side.
He is in a blue mood today. I advise you not to piss him off.
The two brothers have now grown up, it's time for them to set up their own families.
If you can't go to college, finding a job isn't so bad.
Those pirate stuffs are cheap, but they are not durable at all.
In memory of the martyrs in the war, the state government established a monument.
He pretended to be polite in front of pretty girls, but he soon exposed his true character within two minutes.
He is an indolent person with no ambition, living day to day without thinking about his future.
If teenagers don't offer seats for the elderly, others will take photos of it and post on the Internet.
If you don't work hard, mum will sell you abroad to work as a slave.
Saying no in front of my lackeys, you are obviously hurting my reputation.
In Tsim Sha Tsui, tourists can be seen everywhere.
For old times' sake, can you help me out by buying an insurance from me?
Many people nowadays buy jerseys just for collection.
I have already spent my salary so I can hardly afford any food. I have no way but to eat bread as my meal.
He's always late, so the others always have the pretense to criticise him.
I just finished running, I need some time to catch my breath before I can start running again.
You feel uneasy whenever you can't see him. Are you in love with him?
Rushing to the front without holding any weapon, is like courting death for nothing.
We have been walking for three hours, how say we stop for a break.
A mature person should know how to endure hardship.
Only this pack of powder is enough to put you in jail, you better be honest or we will file you two more charges on assaulting police officers and resisting arrest!
I will buy the newspaper for you, anyway I'm free.
Nowadays everyone has a mobile phone and a digital camera, who would bring a roll of film to develop?
If you can't find something you need to search with patient, acting recklessly gives no help at all.
Come on please, tidy up your look. You look like a witch!
How are you going to spend your Christmas holidays?
My little sister is always dreaming about puppy love, always casting her longing stares at the boy next door.
Every year, this institution prepares and organises various activities for teenagers.
Having met you in the sea of people, is the best thing in my life.
The long summer vacation has finally come to an end. It's time to go back to school.
So much money, get old no worries!
Depression is the most common mental disorder in Hong Kong.
Higher-ups are attending the national day march on the podium over there.
For this trip, every person needs ten thousand dollars as travelling expense.
You don't need to be so nervous. Just relax and it will be fine.
He said he loves you but he doesn't mean it, so don't treat it too seriously.
My uncle is a man of dignity. I respect him a lot, but at the same time I'm afraid of him too.
I bumped into his car in accident. I paid him $3000 for the sake of peace.
Some say using boiled water with pomelo leaves for shower can get rid of bad luck.
The escorts weren't making any money in this club, so they all left.
His restaurant took three months to break-even, I think it will take him less than six months to pay off.
Jenny is in love with a married man because he is mature and experienced.
He was thrown out of the game by the referee for violating the rules.
Just get straight to the point and tell me what you are here to see me for.
The amount of money he borrowed is extremely large, just as if he needed not return it.
Her parents are strict with her, and do not allow her to go out at night.
Now what he worries the most is that there might be no successor to carry on his business.
I had missed the previous bus, but it turned out that I didn't suffer from its burst tyre. It was not that bad.
Today we gather to mourn for our late grandmother.
One hundred Taiwan Dollars is red; a photo of Sun Yat-sen is printed on it.
The mainland sends 150 people to Hong Kong every day.
A-chung couldn't withstand the Devil's temptation and went to buy naughty books.
Don't be afraid when you're on stage. If you are, you are a loser.
Though she looks crazy at most of the time, she could be very serious when it comes to studying.
Without the help of the accomplices, the murderer would never have been able to kill anyone.
When are you being good to her? She has a boyfriend. Are you bird dogging her?
Develop and scan only. Don't need to print.
Everybody has weaknesses. You shouldn't be too demanding to others.
Many people said that they were not as worried as before, and furthermore they believed that the situation was under control.
This playground is a place full of my childhood memories.
An unexpected accident often makes people unable to think of what to do about it.
The marathon had to be cancelled due to the bad weather.
The space shuttle landed on the Kennedy Space Center one last time.
Forget it. No one wants accidents to happen.
After piecing the data together randomly, I have finished my assignment.
Remember to exchange for some Canadian dollars before going to Canada.
Your article has rich content. It will be more convincing if you cite some literary or historical references.
Your children have all started to work, you are carefree now.
Yesterday I got my knee badly scratched on the ground again, it hurts so bad that makes me cry.
Don't you feel lonely? You have been single for so many years!
Our views are different. We are not snatching your votes.
The Syrian people were an important avenue through which Greek culture reached Persia.
How are people going to like you if you always wear a scowl on your face?
A foreign friend told me that I've got a pair of beautiful upturned eyes.
Even if he keeps begging me, I won't accede.
He is in big trouble this time, it is time to cut ties with him.
She is brimming with energy today. Maybe she picked up something extra from the bar last night?
It was raining cats and dogs this morning. Many colleagues arrived late to work.
Whenever she hears something she doesn't like, Ah-sau would argue with the speaker.
The United Nations Security Council unanimously passed a resolution to impose sanctions on North Korea.
When she wants to have sex, she gets a room at a hotel with her boyfriend.
It's no big deal if you flunk the test; you can still catch up in the final exam!
I've made the PowerPoint slides.
This residential unit in Yuen Long is being offered for sale at 20 million.
Your wife does not only deal with housework, but also encourages you to learn more new things. She is such an excellent wife.
He secretly observes and learns techniques from the photographer when he is working. He has taken better photos recently.
Stop making excuses and finish your homework!
There's a boy crying over there, can you go and find out why?
He is just very slow at everything.
He lost a duel against a kid, how embarrassing.
He was staring at the photographs, recalling his days in school.
Come to me after school at staff room to get your phone back.
There are lots of Lingnan-style gardens in Hong Kong and Guangdong.
I will stay at home and won't be out with you guys.
The performance of the striker of this team is exceptional in this match, he is fighting fit.
Please offer your timely help to victims of the disaster by enthusiastically making donations.
I heard some important person will pay a visit, so we have to clear the area to prepare for it.
The soldiers have signed their death warrants to protect the country.
I almost wanted to just grab his head and smash it onto the table.
He claims he is innocent, and was incriminated by fabricated evidence planted by the police.
That patient has a minimal chance of recovery, so last night the case doctor gave an DNACPR order after talking to the family, to allow him to pass away peacefully.
Divorce rate increases; single-parent families are getting more and more common.
He didn't wear a bib when he ate, and now the clothes are all stained with food.
Whether the event will be cancelled depends on whether the weather that day will be inclement.
Two days ago, I bought a Canton porcelain vase in Gwongzau. It's beautiful.
Feel kinda bored and so watch a movie alone. It's all because no one is with me.
She often scolds others ferociously, no one would hardly like her.
You need to make good use of the time to revise and prepare for the exam.
We are grateful of all generous benefactors.
This company lost many tens of billions of dollars last year. Investors are scurrying to sell the stock to cut losses.
My girl, the clothes you wear are sloppy and you're not even trying to tidy up at all, how come there will be boys who like you?
It is dinner time, please arrange the cutlery.
You are just beating around the bush, evading my questions.
Come on, we're grown men. Let's cut the crap, stop going round in circles and just talk.
It's not cheap to hold up the venue. It takes almost $300 per person.
He has been dumped by his previous lovers for so many times that he becomes apathetic about love.
Now my children have grown up, I am free of worries.
Biofuels have become one of the heated research subjects.
He sells assembled computers that are inexpensive, pretty, and good. If you are shopping for a computer, buy from him.
He did not wear face masks, causing his neighbours to undergo compulsory testing.
You are still unemployed in your thirties and only play video games at home, all the rice has been wasted on you.
If the situation is really so bad, I let you see my death.
Why do you keep on visiting this "one floor one"? Have you fallen in love with that prostitute?
To discipline your child, you need to give them both the hits and the sweets.
Today is so hot. Touching a cold bottle of water against the face is really so refreshing.
He is a studious person that he studies a wide range of disciplines cursorily.
There are foods made of internal organs of animals in Hong Kong.
There is a skull sign here. It might signify dangers.
He/she is studying engineering in the University of Hong Kong.
He couldn't make a living in a foreign country, so he came back to Hong Kong to look for a job.
This puzzle game is beneficial to children's intellectual development, so they are suitable for your kids.
He keeps scolding people right from the moment he woke up, there must be something wrong with him.
Is this matter very urgent? Is that why you called me at midnight?
A-chung copied the file with virus, and now all the computers in the whole company are infected.
This chapter is about the fateful encounter between the male lead and female lead beneath a wood cotton tree. For illustration, let's put in a photo of wood cotton tree taken from below.
A traffic accident has occurred on Lung Cheung Road. All cars passing by have to drive slowly.
Messi got his shit together and scored a hat trick against Atlético Madrid.
Our team has the same goal and all members support one another.
He is despicable that he often talks about those off-colour things.
May the audience please show some respect to the speaker and be quiet.
This camera is worthless, don't buy it.
I need to accompany my mother to see the doctor this afternoon, so I am not available.
I've got nothing to do during the summer break, so I go to the game centre for a game marathon every day.
He may not seem to have received good education, judging from his outfit. In fact, he speaks fluent English.
He has no sympathy at all. He didn't say anything even though he saw me crying so hard.
Those old pricks are always talking. They're so annoying.
Don't let him touch the dim-sum ordering sheet. He orders too many dim sum every time that we can't finish all.
The things he mentioned are all real.
They will definitely be punished for their evil deeds.
San Chuen Secondary School will face Yan Lei College in the basketball game.
Wound inflammation made his skin fester.
Will associate degree holders feel they cannot adapt when entering university?
After the interview, could you come with us to the library for taking a pillow shot or two.
Having left home and led a wandering life for so many years, I really miss my family.
The swindler is good at cheating people, making his living by cheating.
Grandma’s entire life savings are defrauded bit by bit.
The behaviours of those Councillors in the LegCo have damaged their images in the public.
If he gets harmed in any way at all, I will not let you go.
I believe there is a creator of the universe.
Are you hungry? I will cook you some noodles.
Many people love to buy crystal figures for ornaments at home.
Ah-lung bought two adjacent flats and knocked down the walls to make one large apartment.
Although the realtor claimed that flat was gorgeous and a bargain, Mrs Chan remained slightly doubtful and unwilling to buy it.
There will be a chemistry doctor sharing in the seminar tomorrow.
The fantasy world of Disneyland makes you feel as if you have left the real world.
He will travel to Austria, and he will also go to the neighboring Hungary.
Wong Tai Sin is my place. There is a lot of good food.
You worthless scum! You don't have a job and all you do is get high on ketamine.
This article is to analyze briefly the contemporary significance of post-1997 pop songs in Hong Kong.
Have you watched this comedy yet ? It is really funny, it makes you happy !
You unfilial son! You did so many awful things to provoke your father. Do you want to drive him to his grave?
I am now at the very peak of my career, how can I give up easily?
When I saw his ugly face, I really wanted to punch it!
We hope that our next generation will respect their teachers and the teaching, whilst we should also set a good example for them.
I'll be home all day, so you can drop in any time you like.
You remember that today is father's birthday. I can still see your love and care towards your dad!
The athlete who has the most gold medals in the Olympic Games to date is Michael Phelps. He has won eighteen gold medals.
Many armed security guards of cash transport in Hong Kong use shotgun in daily escort task.
We have referred your case to our colleagues to follow up.
The distinguishing feature of this building is that the outer walls haven't been plastered.
With no one respecting the law, the entire system of law collapses.
I get that everyone is really unnerved and frustrated about the distressing events that have happened.
Tonight the award ceremony will be hosted by Ming.
A-chung is fooling around again. He really hasn't received enough punishments!
No failure or defeat is allowed! This time we must strike hard and fight back.
Our teacher always encourages and urges us to be responsible people.
This is a tailor made dress for the queen. That's the only one.
This morning, A-chung ran away upon seeing me. Then I recalled he hasn't returned the twenty thousand dollars to me yet.
This doesn't sound like the proper motive for the murder.
You ask an elderly to rush from one place to another every day. How can you do that?
If it's heads, I'll give you a dollar; if it's tails, you'll have to give me a dollar.
The boutique does not have many customers. The employees don't have much work to do every day, other than just being there.
It is no use pestering me all the time. I don't have money to lend you.
These useless things occupy so much space. I don't need it even someone give me for free.
The arrangement of consumption vouchers is too complicated. I get so annoyed.
The higher ups chose this day to announce personnel changes -- is there something going on?
Stop fiddling around; come and actually help!
I haven't improved my English level since I was in secondary three; I have been just relying on my English that I learnt many years ago.
We can now see the police are backing off.
A staff member conspired with the competing company and has defrauded a lot of money from her boss.
The replacement of ID card has to be done at the office, as to prevent impersonation.
Oh, you've eaten already! But I've already bought breakfast for you.
The water drowns the ingredients and boils for 10 minutes, done.
Bring up some feasible ideas please, don't be so unrealistic!
He just often leaves his job unfinished, he's irresponsible.
Not only have the pharmacists a profound knowledge in medicine, but they can also help you diagnose the disease.
This year company's deficit has been accumulated to 1 million. / The deficit of the company this year has been accumulated to one million.
As the ages went by, the computer became extremely common.
You have to supply the missing documents to us within this week.
Now you've married a rich guy and you're starting to put all airs and graces on with your goddamn attitude, you were also just a salesperson back then!
The local economy grew by 5 per cent in the first quarter.
If you want to come in, you need a staff pass to prove you are the staff here.
There are four seasons in a year: spring, summer, autumn, and winter.
This fellow only profits at others' expense and doesn't make any contribution.
Engaging in extra-marital affairs is not something only men do. Women do it as well.
He can't take something cold cause he caught a cold.  Stop eating ice-cream to induce him.
The government is conducting an investigation as to opening up the TV radio waves, in order to introduce positive competition.
The collection of 161 competing works will be judged over the next month, and the list of winners will be decided.
A plague took place in that district. Residents paraded with the stale of Che Kung in the district.
The Confucius I'm talking about is a book, not a person. Guillemets should be added to it.
Try to do something to please her. After a while, she'll naturally forgive you.
We are destined to fall for a scum or two.
Hope that his spirit of sacrifice can be eternally remembered.
Many people think that the war will slow down the economic recovery in Hong Kong.
After a series of studies, the biologists decided to classify the newly discovered creature under Lepidoptera.
You're only a scholar, how can you win a fight against a thief who's holding a knife?
The temporary suspension is just a stop-gap measure. Business will resume once the time is ripe.
You can run 1600 meters in 5 minutes, but I can't.
We are regulars of this restaurant and enjoys a 10% off.
Do you think he is too frugal in his daily life, that makes him looks so stingy ?
For only $100 you can see all the channels.
You're embarassing him by asking him to apologise in public.
The car's rear wheels lifted off the ground during the turn. Luckily the car did not flip over!
For the persons who has a weaker body, they shouldn't eat too much watermelon, it's nature is 'cold and cool'.
Online bookstores and chain bookstores are very popular, that only a few small bookshops can survive.
She must be taking fat-burning pills, I mean how else can her figure be trimmed in such a sudden?
The progamme is rather unpopular, so the television station decides to make it on air on Saturday midnight instead.
His life is miserable in general.
What is the linkage among these clues?
The leader is raised by the Communists to be their puppet.
Will, where are you bringing us to eat something delicious tonight?
He had little to eat and was malnourished during childhood, and consequently is still a bag of bones  well in his twenties.
Ah Lok has a successful career, is a kind-hearted person, and respects his parents. He's really a good man.
He finally got rid of the bad habit of drinking a can of coke every day.
Drinking machines have been installed on each floor of the building.
Between labour and capital, there shall be cooperation, not opposition, on salary.
The shopping mall changed hands for several times and is not as popular as before.
The reporter asks the legislators to rate the Policy Address in the chamber immediately.
She can't take part in the competition because she hurt her leg. Why don't you go see if you can cheer her up?
Those old pricks are always bossing people around, without actually knowing how to do stuff!
Concentrate on your work, understood? I'll handle all the daily chores—doing the laundry and cooking dinner and whatnot.
Many people in this office would gossip and play workplace politics, watch out.
Your blood lipids are quite high this time; you need to start taking lipid-lowering medications.
Parents are gratified to see their children get married and have their own families indeed.
Matrix multiplication is not commutative
Every time when he gets into trouble, his parents will help him to clean up the mess.
You criticised  him without knowing what is going on, and he feels so discontented now.
Ultraman has used up his power, red light is flashing on his chest.
People are saying GTA6 is coming out soon. Hearing that makes me so excited.
Because I really like this singer, every time she releases a new CD I will buy three copies to show my support.
Which flavor of sweet dumplings do you like? Sesame or peanut?
He looked so sincere that I could hardly judge whether he was telling the truth or falsehoods.
Relax, nothing can be done in one step.
In order to reduce the number of medical incidents, the government is proposing to set up a supervision scheme.
The weather in Hong Kong gets cooler gradually once it comes to October.
This film is a realistic portrayal of life; its story is something people can relate to.
This debate has been going on for a long time, and the two sides have exhausted their points.
There is no stop for this minibus route all along until it reaches Mongkok.
You caused this huge trouble this time. Think of a way to deal with it yourself!
This story is interesting. Kids like it very much.
He has never ever considered my views. That's really so unreasonable!
Hong Kong Government established ICAC in 1974 to fight against corruption.
I opened up my heart to you and you thought I was speaking nonsense? I don't want to be friends anymore.
You will be a permanent staff from next month.
Let me put it this way. Even I do like it, I don't have to buy it.
When talking about his own expertise, he keeps speaking freely.
It's Scar Face's territory here. I think we should leave now.
The lighting in this restaurant is very soft and has a relaxing effect.
He discloses his father's secret that has been kept for years.
You could try a little self-reward whenever you finish a task, so as to motivate yourself.
My maid would occasionally transfer money back home to support building houses.
The bottom of those porcelain objects cannot be coloured; otherwise they will get stuck to the kiln when being baked.
The computer has accumulated a lot of problems over time. It's time to fix it.
All 200 people aboard the plane are believed dead, with no survivors.
The way you criticized Leung Tin-kei three years ago is exactly the same way you're criticizing the provisional government now.
My dad isn't educated; He is kind of rude, don't blame him for not knowing some etiquette.
This article is poorly organized that readers have no idea of its sequence of ideas.
You are living in his house, be courteous and don't lose your manners.
You spend all your time chasing after girls, but you're much less dedicated to your work.
To finish the proposal on time, we worked non-stop for ten-something hours.
After being released from prison, he decided to repent sincerely and mend his ways, joining the society again.
I don't give a damn about her, even if she is a girl.
He won the Mark Six lottery jackpot and suddenly became a rich man.
Many people rather keep more cash to enjoy their life than being mortgage slaves.
My boss likes to make people work, but he just plays solitaire himself.
The results are very close. The lowest and the highest are only several marks apart.
No matter how painfully evident the facts are, there will inevitably be those that refuse to accept the reality before them.
He's been sitting the driving test for three years, finally he passes it!
This station doesn't even have a roof, what if it rains?
The ending of this detective novel is beyond readers' expectation, but it is actually reasonable.
The monitress of the class next door is divinely gorgeous.
Anyone listening can now phone in.
I argued with her. Now I hope I can change her attitude with my sincerity, so that she will be with me once again.
I get along well with my boyfriends' parents, but there's something wrong between his elder sister and me.
Have you followed the Hong Kong Siu Mai Concern Group yet?
He seems well-off, but he has gone bankrupt already.
You are too naive, many of the so-called authentic massages actually provide sex service.
He always works like he is hiding something; who knows if there is something illegal.
He dreamed with a smiling face, he must have a pleasant and romantic one.
Everyone stay alert, those gangs may call backup to roam our field anytime.
There's really nothing more refreshing on a summer's day than a cold beer.
Do you prefer traditional mooncakes or snowy mooncakes?
You like arguing. A lawyer is a good fit for you.
It's getting colder these days. Get an extra blanket when you go to bed!
To deal with the extra orders, the workers need to work day and night.
Today is the last day of X'mas sale, don't miss it.
I assure you with my honor, what I said is the truth.
Girls who hitchhike on their own should be more careful.
That's just a minor fault, is it worthwhile to keep humiliating repeatedly for the whole day?
In life, you don't make many friends you can confide in.
He can break an opponent with his dribbling skill, and that's a big advantage for our team.
Siu-ming assisted the Hong Kong police in solving a case, therefore he was awarded with the Good Citizen Award.
Pay up or I'll disclose your ugly past to the public.
It's great that you have such an attentive boyfriend.
Don't slander me! Have I ever not repaid my debts?
I haven't got the faintest idea of losing my wallet, those fingers must be feather light.
That shoddy shirt costs a thousand dollars? What the hell?
Unless you apologise, otherwise I would not forgive you.
The Buddhist monk brings the remains to the next town and continues his Sādhanā.
Xibe people in Xinjiang is the last successor of Manchu language.
The feeling of leaving someone that you love is difficult to describe.
The tour guide of the travelling tour lifts/hoists a red flag to lead the way, in order to avoid members/anyone being lost.
The thief went to Sai Kung to hide from the police.
With the great effort of the firemen, the fire was finally put out.
"Are you a Hongkonger?" "Yes, I am."
I'm so worried about your safety; I don't want to lose you.
He started a newspaper with his friend and printing stopped after half a year.
It is rarely sunny today! Let's have some outdoor activities for fun.
I like to dress informally. I don't like wearing suits.
You put the goods by the exit, how can the others come in and out?
You stole all his money and still beat him. You are going too far!
Scientists have not yet solved the mystery of how the universe was born.
He is working hard and smart, thus a crucial member of our department.
A spin-off of Harry Potter will be released! Are you going to read/watch it?
He is really outstanding that he can be the representative of Hong Kong in a badminton competition at such a young age.
I have been very unlucky recently and that makes me so frustrated.
I really couldn't expect this car is so fragile, it broke into pieces in a single crash.
They are always suspicious of each other, at last they broke up really quick.
In terms of dragon boat paddling, "hoi1 daai6" means "paddling in a big span", instead of the slang in daily life.
He always claims that he has the ability to see ghosts.
The jewellery showed exquisite craftsmanship.
He couldn't resist the temptation of the evil spirits and fell into their trap.
Without mom's secret recipe, how could you make delicious soy sauce chicken wings?
Sai Kung North is an exclave of Tai Po District because it does not border the district on land.
You actually got through this stage? There's no way you could've done it without paying money!
I took a freelance job last month.
Three more hours before lunchtime, so I had an egg tart to feel a little less peckish.
We are having such a good, let us all have a drink, even if you can't drink, just tag along, don't ruin the occasion for us.
I want to have 5 working days per week only.
I had my shin crashed with another person's yesterday, too hurt to walk now.
The girl has done a lot for everyone without taking credit.
Stay! As you can't help in this matter and will only become a burden!
My menstrual blood leaked accidentally at work today causing a huge stain, and I didn't even know until a male colleague told me in private. It was really embarrassing!
In this ever-changing generation, no one can catch out.
I need the money urgently. I have no other options but to ask you to lend me it.
Hope that our company can tackle the financial problem and overcome the difficulty as soon as possible.
My handwriting is really bad, people are often unable to decipher what I wrote.
I'm just a small fry at the company; nobody listens to my opinions.
The gangster hid inside an abandoned building.
The left-over needs getting rid of soon, otherwise there are going to be flies all over it.
Only when animals start to become extinct do we start to conserve them.
I know that man. He lives above our home.
Kuomintang and Communists united to fight against Japan during the Second World War.
The main reason they broke up is due to the lack of communication.
This young woman kept eating one egg after another. It wasn't long until she had downed ten eggs.
You have worked so hard today. Why don't you take a leave, after all, you need bigger breaths for deeper dives.
He got a tongue-lashing from the boss for his verbal blunder at the meeting.
The saltwater pipe downstairs burst. Close the windows quick, or the salt water is going to rush into the house.
He could move his body freely after two days' stay in hospital, recovering speedily.
I don't know what I've wrongly eaten, but now my acne is worsening again.
The horses are at the gate, ready to start the race.
The new born baby can't eat solid food right now.
The composer wanted the song to have a majestic ending.
The sound of gunfire panicked the crowd.
Don't come to this damned place anymore—it's full of garbage.
You should be responsible for your own work, I won't be doing it for you this time.
In past dynasties, the Chinese Empire kept witnessing overthrows in name but no genuine political reform.
Sales have been excellent, exceeding our estimation.
The phone is so cheap. It might be a second-hand item.
To prevent getting ill, we should always clean our home.
In one word, money. You have to be rich to be admitted info this university.
My girlfriend always thinks it's dirty, and doesn't want to give me a blow job.
I have sung for 3 hours straight. I really sang to my heart's content.
You can only cover up the truth for so long with this guise. Why not just be honest and confess.
Mom said she has only me as a son. The continuation of our family line is on me.
There are lemon tea in packs of 9.
It is you who saves my grade. If it wasn't you, I couldn't have submitted this essay on time.
With lots of hardships, our army finally broke through the enemy's first barrier.
The three ingredients in shreds can be randomly picked. Bean sprouts, carrots, Chinese mushroom, wood ear, pickled mustard tuber and bamboo shoots are good choices.
We all know the apocalypse is just a myth. You shouldn't worry too much.
We already have one at home. What's the point of buying a new one?
Once he heard that the police are coming, he said he had to go. I bet he's afraid that they'll find out what he did.
Granny said, when she got married, her younger brother invited two tablefuls of his friends and took their wedding gifts as a dowry.
Among Hongkongese cuisines, jellyfish is a popular cold dish.
Continuous heavy raining has caused flooding in the lowland areas of the north New Territories.
The lack of resources could be a problem for the future development of the scheme.
I don't want cash. Write me a cheque.
You'd better think about it carefully. It's inevitable.
Tomorrow is the start of the new term and I have not even touched my summer assignments. I am a dead man.
Westerners are used to greeting each other with hugs.
This new singer looks so good-looking and attracts quite a number of female fans.
Besides English, he also knows how to speak French and Japanese.
Are you on your bad luck period? Either you crashed your car or lost your wallet, unfortunate events keep happening on you.
Teachers should give appropriate example sentences during seen dictations of vocabulary.
Last week, Ming almost pushed his girlfriend to the brink of breaking up with him. He has since been scratching his head on how to mend the relationship.
You gotta keep your promise, don't go back on it!
Clans in the New Territories consider the spring and autumn ancestral worship ceremony an important clan and village activity.
Turns out it's better to work with someone depraved than someone without sense.
Big companies pass their costs onto consumers.
These few proposals have their own disadvantages, actually we are just choosing the one which is less worse.
Over the past 20 years, Hong Kong has gone through a great change.
I'm really surprised. Are there really men that are that obedient and well-behaved?
The dog outshone the male and female leads on this show. It really stole the spotlight.
He plays a decisive role in Hong Kong politics.
I can tell he's a fireman by looking at his figure alone.
We need to ingest enough minerals in order to maintain the ordinary functioning of cells and organs.
At first I thought he was joking but then I realized he was serious.
Our hospital provides healthcare services for tetraplegic patients.
The climate in Antarctica is very dry, where it rains not more than 100mm every year.
You go to negotiate with him, to see if he agrees to give us 5% off.
For young people to have a say, it is most practical for them to personally cast their votes.
Seeing that dawn is coming, but my work is not fully done yet.
Besides soft serve ice cream, there are also small ice cream tubs for sale at the ice cream van.
Every high level staff of this company are all related to the boss, an alien as you is nearly impossible to promote to that level.
Global warming in recent years causes the melting of frost soil and thus the release of ancient germs and viruses.
There is a car accident ahead, so the road is totally blocked.
Last night while playing the game, I got stuck for an hour without progress. How disheartening!
If you are obedient, your parents will love you with no doubt.
pork 'émincé-style' with fresh mushrooms angel hair
If there's nothing I can help with, then I'll be going.
The swindler repeated the trick in another district and gained $100000 in cash again.
He thinks very thoroughly; if he thinks there is a problem, there is a problem.
This drama is fabulous, the international famous star A-chung will be the protagonist!
If the scoliosis is too severe, an operation is needed to correct its position.
The symbol of Octopus Card is a Möbius strip.
Those libtards are frivolous, exaggerating, and repeating themselves all the time, as well as being provocative towards the localists.
She is very unfilial and always antagonizes her mum.
The female singer was alleged for a breach of contract by her former management company.
Your flight will depart at nine tomorrow morning. Make sure you're not late!
He has done me a favour, but I don't know what to do to thank him for his kindness.
That Miss Hong Kong candidate was disqualified because she made a fraudulent report on her age.
English syntax is very different from Cantonese syntax. So be careful when learning.
The door handle has been gripped by many people. Of course it should be cleaned.
He spends hours chatting with his girlfriend on the phone every night.
The sweat factory issue and the fashion industry are closely relevant.
My family is traditional. During the big festivals all members must have dinner together.
It is really romantic to enjoy the neon vista of Victoria Harbour from the Peak.
Why are you in a hurry? Why do you worry that they won't wait for you?
I've tried so many times without success, I'm beginning to feel downhearted.
The company promoted him as the general manager of the London offices.
We cannot live without the contribution of the predecessor.
Are you trying to reach the sky in a single bound? You can't even do the basics well.
He studied hard but still failed. Such a pity.
You are not that attractive. If you keep looking down on the ordinary girls and chasing for the goddess, you can't get a girlfriend.
He talks the talk but does not walk the walk.
The boy had misunderstood that I gave him cookies to show my love, so he had made a positive response which embarrassed him.
Candidates must bring along your examination permit in order to enter the examination hall.
Are you eyes feeling uncomfortable? Why do you keep blinking?
How many times do I have to remind you? I don't want to repeat it anymore!
The projector in the school is stolen.
That guy is such a spineless coward, he even sold out his brothers!
He was stabbed by a thief and had lost a lot of blood. His life is hung by a thread.
Thanks to the two undercover agents helping us by transmitting information, we solved the case.
My secondary school has strict school rules. You'll get a 'demerit' on your record for growing your hair too long.
The girl is of such low quality, I wouldn't want her even if she were gifted to me.
I wish the newly-wedded a happy marriage.
He took a trip to Thailand last week and his skin has become very dark.
Freestyle is the most comfortable among the four swimming styles.
In the past, people grew finger millet to make a living when harvest was poor.
The roller coaster came off its rails in a turn and plunged into the ground. Luckily, nobody was killed.
Ordinary people lack basic scientific knowledge. It's a sign that scientific outreach efforts are unsuccessful.
I'm still a novice, so please correct me when I do something wrong.
Since possibly there will be a typhoon tomorrow, we better do some preventive measures.
When I become successful someday in the future, I will not forget your help!
I will have you on his tail to see when he will meet his mistress.
Hey! Why were you so careless when you turned around in the crowd? With that unintentional force, that kid was hit down.
My period is irregular. It might come twice a month or only come once every few months.
When is the deadline of the paper?
The exhibition held by the police force recently attracted many citizens to visit.
The beautiful thing about that music is that it draws your heart; you don't realize it, but you're tearing because of the sadness you hear.
She is a big fan of trains, there are lots of train figures in her house.
When someone mentioned this matter, he would still be furious.
Doctor, my husband suffers from premature ejaculation. What should we do?
For one person to deal with so much pressure, he's really got his work cut out for him.
If I lose this last 100 dollars, then I will be absolutely broke.
She is not up to scratch, but is jealous of other people winning a prize. What kind of mindset is that.
My mum does not like living on 14th floor because the pronunciation of 'four' is similar to that of 'die', which implies bad luck!
Buy something for me on your way back tonight.
His sudden resignation stirred up a dispute, like a big crushing wave, in the company.
I've only been watching Japanese animation since I was young, so the Korean ones are really not my cup of tea.
I went so far from Hong Kong to Finland but I could not see the Northern Lights.
Our school has a drama show today. I need to go help set things up in the hall.
His stomach is like a black hole. It never gets full no matter how much he eats.
This amateur was infamous until he posted a video on YouTube.
Small drama troupes cannot afford advertisements, so everyone is responsible for promoting their shows through their own social networks.
He thought he is famous, but most people have never heard of his name.
There isn't such a thing at all. You shouldn't believe the rumours he creates.
There are no more buses going to Tseung Kwan O, I am taking a shared cab then.
Those young Russian blonde prostitutes who came earlier have all been arrested.
It is now the peak of influenza season, please remember to clean your hands after going outdoors.
Pregnant women get nausea or vomiting occasionally. Pickled fruits help stimulate their appetite.
I know you are not short-sighted, but you look better with a pair of clear lens glasses on.
This military action has been planned for three months.
If we witness such situations, we usually call the police right away.
Grandpa seems to be not opposing the idea to sell the house, but he really doesn't agree but just didn't say.
The government has implemented many racial inclusion schemes to avoid ethnic minorities being marginalized.
Dental calculus leads to the accumulation of more dental plaques and the rise of chance of suffering from periodontitis.
Catch the ball when it rebounds.
This man gave up his well-paid job in order to take care of his child.
Homes for the elderly in Hong Kong are operated by non-governmental organizations, nonprofit organizations, and private organizations.
You are so old-fashioned! What year is it now? Yet you are still wearing capri pants with white socks and white sneakers.
The government issues a white paper to suggest education system reform.
The color of your period blood can reflect your health condition.
The members of present and previous sessions gathered to bid farewell to LegCo building.
The diving header just lobbed over the Spaniard keeper!
After 10 years of investigation, the police can finally figure out the man behind this murder case.
Everybody's working hard with their research, and you're just sitting here asking stupid questions. Why don't you do us a favour - shut up?
This year's mooncakes aren't selling too well, and the bakery has no choice but to offer a huge discount.
The company is doing their marketing badly.
This restaurant is so grotty that I dare not go in, as I'm afraid of getting diarrhea after eating there.
Nothing is ever perfect. Stop daydreaming.
Harry Potter is chased by Lord Voldemort when he is just a baby.
The director didn't spare time for the actor to rehearsal, how can the actors get into their characters ?
Our company is the distributor of this brand's electronic appliances.
The fire in Shek Kip Mei shantytown resulted in government-built public housing estates.
After the corrupt official was imprisoned by the government, his family property was also confiscated.
In recent years, more and more people pay attention to men's plight and stress
There are seven people in the office, three of which are university graduates.
He fell into a dye vat when he was a child; fortunately, it was empty.
Little boy, you can't say something like this to your dad!
Mum likes eating Chiu Chow style dumplings, but I don't like them much.
My mother hasn't been able to make contact with her family ever since they were separated during the war.
It's now the middle of the night, of course there's not even one person around.
Australia Dairy Company was the first cha chaan teng to use cream in its scrambled eggs, which makes it silky smooth and really delicious.
Mr.Chan, please briefly explain the objectives of the event.
If I knew this phone was going to be so lousy, I would have paid a few tens of dollars more to buy a better one!
After his failure in business, he has concealed his identity for many years.
If you want to rent this house, you have to pay 2 months' rent in advance.
We then need to meet their requirement.
You lost your monthly underground ticket at the start of month, what a shame.
My team is tight on manpower these days. I have no idea when the boss manages to hire someone.
My school is close to my home. I go to school on foot.
Some studies have shown that hyperactive children are often excluded by other students at school.
Ever since his mum died, he became spiritless.
Babies sleep lightly and wake up after a couple of five minutes.
Unwanted or severely injured animals will probably be euthanized.
All the furniture is ready here, you can move in any time.
They're right in doing that to a certain extent.
With my family moving house and my taking an exam, it's made a complete mess out of me.
He's placed so much on the bet. Maybe he really has tips to win?
He and his brothers are fighting against each other and trying to obtain one more share of his father's legacy.
My eyes shall be the judge; any objections?
Although he tried to worship a lot of deities, he couldn't avoid his misfortune of going bankrupt.
The lines are busy at the moment. Please call again later.
I won't allow any more mistakes in this project!
The steak was so thin that it might as well have been an appetiser.
There's tofu, eggs, lean pork, tomatoes, and what not.
They are deeply in love with each other so they never quarrel.
This year the hotel has additionally arranged a choir to sing hymns before Christmas.
I have an exam next week, so I can't hang out these few days.
The secret agent transformed into an old lady with some help from make-up and props.
I think chubby women are fine, but I don't appreciate those who are so obese that they move clumsily.
As the benefit of doubt goes to the defendant, the defendant is found not guilty.
The watermelon is quite round. Does it taste sweet?
She remains unmarried in her forties and is in the danger of cementing her spinsterhood.
I saw a young couple snogging in the park, and the girl was quite hot.
My classmate in secondary school has registered for three to four orientation camps.
That girl is just a damn prostitute that everyone can fuck!
"Can I speak to Mr. Chan?" "Who is that?"
Every year, the directors of TWGHs hold autumn sacrificial rites in Man Mo Temple in Sheung Wan.
I have a leftover chicken carcass. Would you like to have it to make broth?
He was made fun of by others at school, therefore he didn't want to go to school.
Everyone says watermelon juice is awful, but I think it is good to drink.
All works by this studio are masterpieces.
I'm broke. What I can only do is to make a living through hardship.
$1500 fine for littering—no clemency even if you are an elderly woman!
Indigestion from hotpot is best cured by a pot of tea.
My sister is a nurse in a day care center for elderly.
The nerd A-chung's room is full of Moe anime girl figures.
This game is so fun; as a gamer there is no reason not to join this game, right?
His forthright manner can be mistaken for rudeness.
The president is humble to visit residents in the slum.
After his retirement, Professor Wong still occasionally gives lectures at other universities.
Don't be misled by his hero image in the movies – he looks smart but is actually a fool. He's been cheated many times in the business and is drowning in debt.
This Japanese comic artist announced his retirement last year, and now there is new works?
He was so glorious just now, he just threw the resignation at the boss's face, slammed the door and stormed out!
A visit from you is a rare occasion; how about you stay for dinner tonight?
If someone faints, you should call 999 for an ambulance, and tell the paramedics what happened.
We get it. You don't need to spell it out for us.
Being a cop and violating the law, there is no question that he would be sacked.
I live in another country but now I meet people from my hometown. Finally I can speak my hometown language.
Shopping malls usually have a directory for every level.
There was a clique before at work that never talked to anyone else.
Waking up early and doing exercise not only benefits the health but also helps build up willpower.
If you encounter strange problems, you can ask for his advice.
In Macau, gaming employees are generally prohibited from entering casinos outside work hours.
All you give me are coins, wouldn't that make my purse super heavy?
In order to win the girl's heart, A-chung sent 99 roses to her. Still, he ended up being rejected.
She closed her ears to my explanation and left. I could only keep following her behind.
Hey lazybones, why are you still sleeping? Don't you need to work today?
I am selling my flat through property agents. I believe it will be sold very soon.
Our recent achievements have illustrated that our school is definitely not worse than others.
The kitchen floor is very dirty. It needs a good sweep.
He pulled out his gold card at the bar and was immediately surrounded by women.
If mass protests break out, how will the government deal with the situation?
Damn! The surveillance monitor is dead, how can this happen?
You need to understand the basic concepts before we move forward.
The teaching quality of Prof. Lam has always been excellent throughout the ten years.
People in the company are always plotting and scheming against each other, so you need to be careful!
There is a kind of bird that can fly for 10 months straight.
A-chung has acted all snobbish after getting a few As in the exam.
Although she's my step-mother, she loves me as much as my biological mother.
The performance tonight still accords to the arrangement made before and is not affected by the storm.
Oh dear! His face got hit and swollen!
Claiming that Q is definitely wrong because "if P then Q" is logically invalid, is a kind of fallacy called "argument from fallacy".
Every time I go on stage for a speech, I need to prepare cue cards.
All of the triad leader's recent recruits are secondary school students.
John has no principles, and he changes his mind simply by seeing which way the wind is blowing.
Space travel is no longer a vague thought.
That magazine apologizes to the public for incorrect report.
First of all, integrate all data collected from various places into a single table.
I don't need a big house. Simply a cozy home is good enough.
Don't always eat in front of the TV. It harms your health.
If you receive the ill-gotten money, your conscience will get stained with guilt.
She dresses up very nicely, looking very different from other women who put many cosmetics on their faces.
That singer retired ten years ago, but at the end succumbed to the temptation of earning extra for her child and resumed to the stage.
When I study, I use different coloured highlighters to mark important points.
Environmental organizations strongly criticise the government for destroying the habitats.
I saw an abnormal woman kept yelling on the bus.
Don't behave like you know everything! Read more books!
There's nobody, nothing whatsoever here, don't be shy, you can practice here.
I am sick of playing obedient to my partner, I shall be his appendage no more.
My hand got hurt by oil when I was cooking and it was immediately blistered.
There are still many people in this world who can't even afford basic necessities.
Remember to like my page, so you don't miss any updates!
Seeing the images of food at night makes me yearn for eating them.
Often the school's most hostile person is not the teachers, not the principal, but the people working in the school office.
Symphony No.5 is a famous piece of work by Ludwig van Beethoven.
Nah! Don't listen to him bullshitting. God knows if a single word of his is true!
The department concerned claimed that the death of the patient had nothing to do with the vaccine itself.
You seldom do exercise while you eat so much greasy food. You'll soon become a fat guy.
The area around Port Shelter was used to be a firing range by the British army. The livelihood of fishermen on Kau Sai was affected.
Since his divorce, he has started binge-drinking in bars by himself.
I had a falling out with my family, and have not returned home for nearly a month.
He was just finished framing his brother for inheritance, then he turned to mediate the lawsuit high-soundingly.
You are not a doctor after all. Even if you were, it's too late to save the woman's life!
Don't pretend to be nice and shed crocodile tears.
He is a professional gambler. He plays big and wins big.
This guesthouse is really dodgy. I don't know if the tap water is even clean enough to wash your hands with.
The book is about the stuff taught in class. He's already familiar with it, so he finished the book in no time.
Spouses should accept each other's shortcomings.
The co-organizer of this sports day is LCSD.
The gust wind is so fierce, I feel it is stronger than the typhoon signal 8 before.
He's a triad member. So don't ever offend him. He might send someone to beat you up!
The paper is wrinkled, why don't you put it into the file?
If a couple lives separately and apart, it is possible that one of them will dump another for someone else.
Our whole team is hurrying to finish the project. I'm not free to discuss how to arrange the ceremony in next month.
The cunning thief escaped from the backdoor after telling the cop that he needed to use the toilet.
I will sweep the floor while you wipe the windows.
The car broke down, so we had no choice but to walk home.
Doctors who have just graduated have to receive clinical practices for a year before they can formally/officially practise medicine.
In order to evade debts, he moved his residence and quit his job. He's yet to run away.
Nowadays youths are ignorant of the hardships in life? But a senior official is out of touch that she didn't know that toilet paper is not sold in convenience stores.
We haven't met for so long. I am unsure whether he can remember me or not.
This is so old that no one remembers where it comes from.
Even if I allow you to go ice skating, you cannot ice skate either.
If you want to cook dried seafood you have to plan ahead. Last time I soaked sea cucumbers for 2 days before cooking them.
This is one and the only one copy left of this stamp; it's really worth a lot of money.
A marriage in which each partner always gives in to the other's demands may not be a good thing.
If you go to Megabox from the MTR station, you need take a shuttle bus ride.
You misheard me? I want tissue paper, not spoon.
You're married with a husband. Don't interfere in our relationship.
Your message is confusing.
I thought you really loved her, but it turns out that you only wanted to screw her pussy!
There is a secret relationship between them.
Autism is a disorder caused by the deficiency in nerve cells.
My dream was to become a bus driver when I was little.
In the Battle of Ning-Jin, the Guangdong-born general Yun Sung-wun led an army of mere 30000 men up against a legion of more than 100000 men.
Your socks are all wet. Dry them on the heater!
Since he got involved in illegal business, I have kept a distance with him.
Only those with courage can join this game.
There's so much smoke here that I guess there really is a fire. We'd better get out of here now.
Stop believing that paying efforts will lead to getting Level 5**. This strategy will not work anymore.
She went to the bank to update her passbook and check whether the company has paid her the salary.
The authorities received a tip that his company uses pirated software. Perhaps he didn't treat his ex-employees well.
Ah-sau is an arbitrary person, never listening to others.
Already got the small for 20 rounds, I don't believe it won't open big this time !
The new boss is truly impressive. She once saved a company from closure.
"Is somebody in this seat?" "No, it is empty."
It takes five minutes to walk from here to the railway station.
Stop day-dreaming! You want to get rich? Wait for the next life!  Get back to work now!
Even he's busier at his work, he insists on practising calligraphy once a week.
I really had bad luck today: resuscitation started as soon as I am on duty, and worse still, it was unsuccessful.
He may meet your standard but definitely not mine.
He is punctual all the time, never late.
To bail the market with foreign reserve is merely a contingency, in long term there must be a system-wide shake up.
Fortunately your uncle, me, is good at recognizing new star, I know you are a bastard from the start.
He always tries hard to look cool, does he think he is very cool?
Siu-nei is so proud of being slim that she kept being cursed for getting fat.
Every banquet must have a moment to part. You do not need to miss this.
The company is willing to pay an exorbitant price for their performance in this soap opera.
I'm not free today so I can't go out with you.
Tuen Mun Highway has just occurred traffic accident involving seven vehicles, the cars are stacking up like a pyramid, a real trouble this time.
The entrance of the tunnel is like a bottleneck, therefore there are always traffic jams.
You're staying up so late. Don't you have to take an exam tomorrow?
This TV uses the latest technology and offers superior picture quality.
The salary is so low. I can't pay for the mean if I pay the rent.
It's not easy to buy a bottle of bleach these days. Many citizens have no alternative but buy at several times the usual price.
They had an overseas wedding back then, and had a small casual banquet of just a few tables when they were back in Hong Kong.
The deities up above sometimes would like to come down and play in the mortal world.
To facilitate members of the public to view the firework display, many roads will be designated as pedestrianisation zones starting from evening.
This document includes the daily operation of our company.
"Wrongs have origins and debts have debtors". As for that problem, you should go ask for A-lung to pay. Leave his friends alone.
My pen holder is always catching dust, but the opening was too small that it's pretty hard to clean it.
This debate competition was full of obstacles. Luckily, we won in the end.
Items in the department store next door are on a clearance sale, up to 90% off.
I heard that your daughter is dating, when will she get married?
I have been working continuously for fifteen hours, completely exhausted.
The son has many ingenious ideas; his mum never knows whether she should feel mad or amused.
Going to Tuen Mun from Tseung Kwan O just for buying a pack of tissue? Do you have too much time?
He looks small and thin but is good at fighting.
Hardly any passing from you are reachable, I am running out of breath chasing them.
Many people travel to Jerusalem to pilgrimage every year.
We should update the database of the antivirus software regularly.
He reciprocates people who helped him in the past with gratitude, even though he is now famous.
Many safety guards are keeping watch for the bank. It's very hard to set about the robbery.
He's absolutely brain-dead. I told him to speak a few words on stage, but he just stood there silently like a moron.
You are a middle-aged man, dealing with wife and children, why would you quit without finding the next one?
Time passes really quickly. The school term was up before we knew it.
Before his interview, he bought a tailor-made suit.
I have received some unexpected money recently, so I planned to spend part of it on some good causes.
When I do a sidespin, I normally aim at the middle of the white ball, but hit on the side of it when I shoot.
You unfilial son ! You did so many evil affairs to provoke your mum, do you want to drive her to the grave ?
The elderly think that you are the only son in the family. They would ask you to marry someone and give birth to a baby.
Siu Ming didn't pocket money others left behind, and he handed a purse with a few thousands in it to the police.
But who can predict with hundred-percent certainty that a Third World War will not take place?
After winning some money in the stock market, he speculated with his money again, hoping to repeat his earlier success, but the market turned against him and he lost all his capital.
Westerners are accustomed to making pumpkin lanterns during Halloween.
You said you want to get into a good school, but now you play all day and not study at all,  words and deeds are not in accord, how can you pass the admission exam ?
This school was built with subpar quality. It'll be dangerous if any emergency situation emerges.
I've been working in this company for ten years and still haven't been promoted.
Hong Kong's interest rates closely track those in the United States because of the territory's currency peg to the US dollar.
one and a half dollar for an orange, aren't you being too much of a cheapskate?
I heard that he was deep in debt, and fled to the mainland to hide from his creditors.
He tends to hold a grudge. You'd better watch out for him.
I've checked the movie showtimes. They don't fit my schedule.
Is it really worth it to save money on meals and eat cheap bread every day just to buy a luxury handbag?
In Apliu Street one can find many types of electronic goods.
The teacher has stuck a star-shaped sticker on my worksheet!
They hooked up and had sex the first time they met.
The footbridge system in Tsuen Wan is very well formed—accessible enough to all directions, while not too complex.
Your wife is so mad at you, even admitting fault humbly won't save you this time.
Very likely my girlfriend will have a date (with me), certainly.
Chinese culture had a great influence on Japanese culture in the past.
Your report is neither fish nor fowl. You step out of line!
I waited in vain stupidly for three hours because others did not show up today.
He bought a lamp of longevity to pray for good fortune in Wong Tai Sin.
Those vegetables have been washed once. You just need to wave them a couple times under the water and they'll be clean enough.
My dog just gave birth to six pups, I am thinking about consigning them in a pet shop.
Pursuing success should not be confused with seeking fame and wealth.
This is an astronomical telescope, with which we can see stars.
We are running out of time. Please be brief.
Floppy disks are unwieldy and have small storage capacity. Does anybody still use them anyway?
Nowadays the market is full of pirated goods. Be careful when you go shopping.
The new president hopes that he can lead the country onto the path of prosperity.
He is worldly-wise. We don't have to worry about him.
His girlfriend wanted a breakup, but he gave no indication whatsoever.
The memory of Japanese-occupation is unforgettable to grandmother.
My uncle has suddenly come to Hong Kong, and I have no idea where to put him.
Some online media sites pay their authors part of their ad revenues as remuneration.
He is a sloppy and disorganized person, unable to concentrate on work.
Apply some herbal oil to your temples, and see if you get better after that.
Having joined this company for less than a month, he's already been brainwashed; All he cares now is making money.
Teaching in a small group and in accordance to students' abilities and aptitudes is the strategy of this school. It successfully increased their interests in learning.
Do you have an eye problem? Your eyes are looking in different directions.
He raped over 100 women, he's a public enemy.
Hey, that sack of rice weighs 8 kg. Can you even lift it?
I'll take care of your children, so just go and have a good time and don't worry.
It is heard that he was lured and cheated to buy certain bonds, and lost more than 100 thousand dollars in result.
You can't have jelly drops if you're trying to sneakily eat food during class, because the chewing will give you away and the teacher will scold you.
Can you stop talking? You are too noisy.
You gotta believe in yourself! Liven up! Remember that!
You have a hot flu. Keep cool and dissipate the heat; place a cool wet cloth on your forehead.
What about trying not to be late next time?
Ah-Wai has been obsessed with money since young; I don't know what skills he has besides counting money.
The government should serve its citizens, instead of trying to control them.
As it is our business, we would share the benefits after earning money.
After being stabbed, he endured the severe pain and walked to the hospital by himself.
The government ordered that all illegal immigrants be deported.
If you're unhappy, don't hold it inside. Spit it out.
Three Pakistan fighter planes were accused of intruding Afghanistan's airspace.
Wheelchairs are provided by YWCA in Tai O.
Publishing bills in white form first and then blue form used to be the government's custom.
He is definitely devoid of conscience that he sells his wife and children to earn money.
In the teacher's eyes, conduct matters more than one's grades.
If I live here, firstly I can be close to school, and secondly I can live more comfortably.
Recently, more and more people choose to serve alternatives to shark's fin soup in wedding banquets for the sake of environmental protection.
Justin Bieber always takes drugs and bullshits, his douchey moves are just too many to be enumerated. No wonder those Americans would start a petition to kick him out.
Chor Chung Sing has yet again pushed all his chips out to the table. It's another all-in for him!
His managerial arrogance was on full display in the way he treated his secretary.
Tsk! Are you serious? You want to be rewarded for such sloppy work?
I was distressed when I saw how thin and overworked she was.
When I was young, I loved going to Sino Centre to buy idol foil cards.
I don't even have half of the revision done yet. I will be like preparing to be KO-ed by the exam in a short while.
He is a relative of the boss, pocketing whatever passes his hands whilst doing little to no work.
Mum is good at making the Chinese steamed eggs very smooth.
Judas, one of Jesus's disciples, betrayed him, resulting in the imprisonment of Jesus.
If car drivers could mutually be courteous in manners, there would be less traffic accident.
One cannot prescribe a wrong dose of medication, for it can be deadly.
The Airbus A380 is the passenger aircraft with the highest capacity in the world.
You can easily staple twenty sheets together single-handedly with this new stapler.
Her husband has just passed away. I fear that she is unable to accept it and will commit suicide.
He couldn't make it to the toilet, and wet himself in the subway.
Don't mess up anymore. Get out if you don't know anything about my job.
British sign language differs from American one.
I have been obsessed with my first lover for ten years already, I still miss him/her.
"I've been in need of money lately." "I think that's been the case for a long time."
Solar panels can absorb light and convert it to electricity.
Their testimonies are identical word for word. The two witnesses conspired to give false statements, didn't they?
The new product immediately caused a sensation in the city.
Obviously, it was the incompetence of our new colleague that led to this mess, but my boss made me the scapegoat, blaming me for not teaching her properly.
This young talent received ippon within two minutes, winning the championship last time.
My elder sister is more than 10 years older than me, which is why we don't have much to talk about.
Ah-ming had a car accident. He has been sent to the hospital and is in a critical condition.
Don't just sit there and watch. They are going to start fighting !
80 grand? 100 grand? That's just a small amount to me. Please don't haggle over it.
Don't just focus on your studies. You need to pay attention to other things as well.
The typhoon swept over the town out of a sudden and rendered a lot of people homeless.
Many children have flat feet, but the condition usually resolves after the foot arch finishes developing.
We can't escape from passing the torch to the younger generation.
He doesn't have much musicality and frequently goes off-key when he sings.
We have no time to prepare, just take things as they come.
He closed his eyes for the last time without a care in the world. It's so irresponsible.
Some say girls from co-educational schools are more straightforward than those from girls' schools.
Whatever, it doesn't make any better anyway, let's mindlessly finish the DSE instead!
The nipple is damaged; when the baby drinks from the bottle, milk keeps leaking from it.
Let's prepare the dishes in advance. When everyone arrives, we simply need to reheat the food.
Let's drink a shot of vodka?
The mother tries to get her daughter be admitted into a well-known university by all means.
No wonder no one comes to buy here, the product quality is so poor.
The sofa is so old. If I were you, I would throw it away immediately. Why did you take it home?
The boy is staring at you, don't you think he wants to chase you?
I finally found my passport after a day of searching. What a relief!
In the nineteenth century, many were sold as slave labours to do mining work.
He's just twenty, and has already started losing hair on his crown.
After mutating, this virus became infectious.
Citizens should stay indoors or take shelter in a safe place until the heavy rain has passed.
You rushed over to her with a single message from her, and just ignored me completely. What am I to you?
We've been brothers for so many years, so I know exactly how you're feeling. There's no need for words.
I hate it when drivers don't flash their signal lights. I thought they were going straight but they suddenly turned instead.
The kid next door had a seizure last night and was hospitalized immediately.
Observation and participation in the field, which anthropologists often do, is their basic research methodology.
Criminals must be punished by the law.
After having the thermo ventilator, the bathroom is cool in summer and warm in winter.
Those days when we bought fish in the market, they were tied with short-leaved Malacea Galingale.
It's undeniable that I'm late, but I have my reasons! You don't need to get angry with me!
Don't listen to the dude's nonsense. You'd better ask your doctor.
I cannot hold a candle to you when it comes to arithmetics.
"Ap Lei Chau" is named because the appearance of this island is similar to a duck's tongue.
I came across my little sister masturbating yesterday.
His girlfriend found out he was sexting with another girl. It's over for him now.
Rather than working a tough job with low pay, why don't you run your own business instead?
These egg tarts are yummy. Everyone would like them.
Judges make judgement impartially, without bias absolutely.
People think dai pai dong dishes are cooked with extra strong flame stove. It is very likely due to strong smell from kitchen filling in the small area of the stall.
Why can you still be so calm in such a desperate situation?
Blood thinners mainly consist of warfarin and novel oral anticoagulants.
I've got a gut feeling that she's telling a lie.
It's so hot and I'm so thirsty. I'll go buy some drinks at the vending machine.
Drinking and driving harms you and others. If you drink, don't drive.
If a male virgin sees a hooker, she'll give him a "red packet" for losing his virginity!
Today, we are far apart from each other, your life goes on, my business continues... ...
He sold off company assets for pennies on the dollar behind his boss's back, what an ingrate!
He helped that billionaire to do religious rituals, earning several hundreds of millions already, but was still unsatisfied; he was way too greedy that he tried to defraud the whole inheritance of the billionaire.
I have walked the trail for more than ten times, it's an easy job for me to lead this time.
Just then there was a power cut and I had to grope my way downstairs in the dark.
Do you know where he is? He's in France of course!
You have rushed around all day. Why don't you take a rest?
The job is not easy, not everyone can handle it.
He is really strict with the punctuality of his employees. Just one minute late for work then off you go for a scold.
The government will regularly sample imported vegetables to see if they contain excess pesticides.
Although the restaurant was renovated recently, it still retains a classic feel.
The washrooms in the university are cleaned three times a day, in order to prevent the transmission of bacteria.
A-chung took pictures under a girl's skirt. Now he's facing two months in jail.
He suffered from brain hypoxia at birth and is now intellectually disabled. He needs to attend a special school.
Playboys only know how to please girls with honeyed words.
When I was small, I once dreamt of becoming an astronomer when I grew up.
It might be demanding to take care of family members when they fall ill.
A student was found plagiarising his peer's dissertation.
The thief was trying to buy gold with a card he stole, but his unmatched signature gave him up, so he had to run away.
International schools have different class arrangements from traditional schools: they start a year earlier.
When we take pictures, even if we don't make V signs, we will smile.
In my childhood Mum often said I would be a street cleaner if I did not study well. But actually, what's wrong with that?
He is my business partner. We've been cooperating for several years.
You hair looks like a mop. Go and have a haircut now!
I lost the ticket though I won the Mark Six lottery, I really rejoiced too soon.
Kids can bring much happiness to a family.
The nerd A-Chung has a statue of Scarlett Johansson at his home.
I’m so bored. I'm going out for a stroll.
He was a smart kid, often sweet-talking others for sweets.
The show tonight is over, may the audience leave the stadium in accordance to their seat number.
Get out of here! You're such a burden, we'd rather you're not here.
The economy is not good right now, so the boss said he had to cut our salary; we have no choice but to accept.
Cabinet resignation after congressional re-elections is a constitutional convention.
There's a dessert from Denmark that is served with icing sugar.
You should make a to-do-list. Don't you feel tired rushing around?
Due to various reasons, we have cancelled our trip to Korea.
Hun Mui put away her plan of losing weight, when she saw the gelato she bought two balls of it at once.
He's very kind; if you email him a task, he'll always reply.
Stop being wayward. You can't do whatever you want. Have you ever thought about the consequence?
Spring has arrived. This morning I saw swallows build a nest on the banyan tree on the ground floor.
That heartless boss keeps exploiting his employees; I hope to see the day when he finally reaps what he has sown.
She was told by a doctor earlier to have depression, and she needs to take medications and see a psychologist.
This year the company only admitted two university graduates.
it's definitely not ok to find a stupid man to work for you!
She hopped into a cab right after she got off from a bus at the Western Harbour Tunnel, seems like she is really in a hurry.
This new mobile phone has many special functions.
Why are you always staying behind me?
The dentist has to put a screw in your jawbone, and then put a denture on it.
They say So Chun used to stab his thigh with an awl to avoid falling asleep while studying.
Why is your face covered with tears? Are you sad?
In many cultures, butterflies are seen as a symbol of beauty.
It takes two to tango. Your former boyfriend broke up with you. After all, you two didn't love each other that much.
"It's twelve already. Stop playing video games and go to bed." "Uh-huh."
They seem like enemies at first glance, but there's actually quite a bit of chemistry between them.
Castle Peak Road is the longest road in Hong Kong.
My octopus card has no more value. Remind me to top up later!
Documents are placed so messily on the boss's table. How can he find anything?
He expresses his opinion on economic problems continuously, criticizing that mainstream media disregards the role played by technological development.
This world don't care about science. Seems like I am not born in the right time!
The meat is so rough, how can the baby bite? Cut it into smaller slices before giving it to eat.
He always be playful in attitude, I'm not sure the words he says is serious or trolling.
All movies directed by him are very popular, and each ends up making over ten million dollars at the box office.
He studies extremely hard a month before every examination.
I cannot express how happy I am to see you all honoring my invitation.
The contract mentioned that you need to work until today, it's no excuse.
You have to join the chamber of commerce before you do any business here.
I was born in Beijing but raised in Hong Kong.
If you are too busy to escort your family member to revisit the hospital, you may hire someone from a social enterprise for that.
This song's file is too big, can you convert it into mp3 first before sending it to me?
You've been shifting responsibilities for the whole day, and no progress has been made. What's up with you?
Hey, be gentle with that switch. You're gonna break it.
They do everything together, maybe they are gay.
This presentation is too boring, so all the people leave.
My aunt said she was so fat that she looked like a big winter melon during her pregnancy.
You met a guy at a bar then you slept with him. You've got to be kidding!
He/She always give up before finish the homework, seems the homework can never been done.
The Basic Law was promulgated on 4th April, 1990.
He failed a maths course so he has to retake it now.
This small bookstore is just in the shopping mall - it's quite convenient to get there.
During the marathon race, a man fell over and cracked his cheekbone.
He did not perform well academically.  Therefore, he ends up working at McDonald.
Fine, let's split up and never get in touch.
There's something suspicious about this fellow. Have somebody tail him and let me know right away if something's up.
The customer wants to refund something. Can you help?
That murderer has been pursued by the police for seven years and was eventually caught in customs.
After my son learns how to walk, he'll be all around the house.
It is not a must that whoever graduating with IT discipline will become a tech geek.
Me, Chan Ho-nam, calls out for help in Causeway Bay; One hundred people will be right away to help!
There's no causality between water content and contact lenses to account for dry eyes, it really depends on one's situation.
You can carry out a research project in the UK this time. How can others not be jealous of you?
Time flies; things change. A Mcdonald's meal costs about $40 nowadays.
Save your flattering words, I won't trust you.
If the boss is suspicious and jealous of the subordinates, it would be harmful to the co-operation.
This film is based on this fiction.
My husband often doesn't go home until late night.
After having had a hot bath, the whole bathroom is filling with mist.
His criticism is so incisive. Even though he is correct, it still ends up being embarrasing for others.
At first I wanted to buy a new machine, after thinking about it more, I think I should wait until it gets cheaper.
The news that they're getting married took me by surprise.
Hey, what does he know - the tricks he uses are merely the same one or two all the time.
These practices still prevail in certain areas.
I am always lucky enough to win when playing mahjong.
Go talk to that guy to find out whether he's in a gang.
A-ming came up dead first in this race. He led by nearly 50 meters.
It's our group's turn to present in the tutorial in a while.
As soon as it is 12:00 a.m., everyone drinks a toast to each other and celebrate/congratulate a prosperous New Year.
Does this firm have a retail store? I wanna try the products there before deciding to buy them or not.
I was perfectly clear to him. I am not marrying him.
I have been using it for half year, and feel satisfactory for the overall performance.
Our boy Ming's immunisation card has been lost. We have to replace a new one for him.
I travel by myself, so a single room should be good enough.
If you feel uncomfortable when you are carrying the baby, try loosening the straps on the baby harness.
Vacuum tube amplifiers are renowned for their sweet high timbre, accurate mid tones and powerful bass.
Give them a few pieces of paper to draw. Don't let them draw on the wall and mess it up.
The ever-changing education system makes the teachers, the parents and the students at a loss to know what to do.
Study these reference books closely and you won't have any problem with the test.
The news of layoffs produced a great echo among the staff members.
He is still alive, why are you always saying that he is dead?
It's good to be an air-stewardess - free trips!
You're fixing your eyes on that girl. Do you like her?
There are many tailor-made products to tackle mould.
The level of English taught in kindergarten is getting more advanced. I don't know how to pronounce many of the words being taught.
My computer's broken but I haven't taken it to the repair shop yet.
Dial the wheel when you arrive, I'll come down to pick you up.
He was so smart that he stood out of the crowd when he was small. This turned him into an arrogant person.
Didn't you know that I always have feelings for you?
He's way loaded. He bought a film camera and two lenses in like two weeks' time.
I'd like to apply for residence in the staff hostel, in the purpose to save time from commuting.
To use different white balance settings when the light source differs.
The anti-drug raid was directed by Mr. Chan, the superintendent of police.
She sticks to her principles, no matter what others say.
It's an accident. You should stop feeling guilty.
Did you win the Mark Six? You are smiling very broadly.
You are fat, you should thank god that nobody calls you "fat-woman".
After passing this slope, we will reach the destination.
Cells carry out division on their own to create more of themselves.
Human smugglers forced the stowaways to jump into the sea while fleeing the coastguard patrol in hot pursuit.
You have put the plates so high that it would easily be broken whilst fetching them.
There's something on the ECG. Need to do another one?
The old wound on my waist has not yet healed. Once I bend down it hurts.
Starting from next week, the fare for this bus route will increase by 50 cents.
Talk to our boss before expanding your empire here.
The SDU that is in charge of breaching is what makes this operation a success.
He is such an imbecile. I've had enough with him.
Recycling bins with various colours are to collect various materials.
Brother Ming is not a person who breaks promises and betrays others' trust. He must have his reasons.
Packing up all these things with red-white-blue bags is just convenient and cheap.
The shelf is poorly made. It collapsed after I put a few things on it.
Have you seen a memo with a phone number written on it?
As a practising lawyer, I know nothing about the law.
There may be another favourite in the future, but as of now, this movie is the one I like best.
They have to pay off a mortgage and give money to their parents. That's a heavy burden.
A new appointee has been sent to take over my job.
Please stop being a busybody.
This is not such a simple matter, there should be something inside.
The moon is bright tonight. It will be fit to enjoy the moon outdoors and share private feelings.
Mr. Tse earns less than his wife and was ridiculed for sponging off her. It must be rough for him.
Ah-po starts to feel drunk after she drinks only a glass of wine.
The New Territories were leased from Qing China to the United Kingdom in 1898 for 99 years in the Convention for the Extension of Hong Kong Territory.
An underground water pipe burst in the MTR, taking the MTR became taking a submarine.
I'm sorry to bother you with such a trivial matter.
This tree is so thick and sturdy. It looks like it must be nearly a hundred years old.
You really need to treasure your books and prevent it from being torn in tatters.
She had a fight with her boyfriend and started to put on airs once she sees him.
The government called on us to prevent mosquito problems together.
On Sundays, devout Catholics go to their churches to attend mass.
She is an extraordinarily appealing woman that many men love her very much.
Some analysts believe the US securities bull market has reached its peak, and the bear market is arriving. You should sell your stocks quickly.
You post all these dating pictures online every day; isn't that showing off?
Since he got fired, he has worn a gloomy face every day.
There are many bears in this area. Stay close to each other.
The baby is asleep and Joe is afraid to wake the baby up, so he walks very cautiously so as not to make any noise.
This piece of jade is perfect in every way. It believe it is worth at least a million dollars.
In roadside mourning paper coins are often spread on the scene to bribe the homeless ghosts around, in a hope that they will leave the victim alone.
Steven Spielberg is a great director who produces a lot of blockbusters.
The doctor points out that although birdnest is beneficial to health, it contains furry particles which might adversely affect those who have allergies.
He had a serious fight with others yesterday and he got badly hurt.
He quitted gambling after losing half of his possession.
After you have shampooed, you must thoroughly rinse your hair clean.
This god-damned computer freezes every day.
The officials have turned the city into a mess, and it is us citizens that suffers.
Walking a dog is often to be seen, but how about "walking a turtle"?
He has loose lips once he gets drunk. I have already got used to it.
Sometimes I'd return to my primary school to bring back my childhood memories.
My elder brother suffers from bipolar disorder, and has to take mood stabilisers.
You're supposedly a man, but you look more like a turtle with its head in its shell. Do you ever feel ashamed of yourself?
The real estate market is not optimistic, that no one plans to purchase real estate for investment.
I had no idea a bowl of steamed rice could be this good smelling and tasting.
It's just some part-time work, I can still handle it.
You haven't come back for a long time, so you should really have some home-made soup.
Every act by a celebrity will attract public attention.
It had been a drought for a long time before the rain could finally moisten the farmland.
You're so selfish that no one wants to be friends with you!
What are you up to wearing such a sexy skirt, you naughty little thing?
Excessive protection of children is not necessarily a good thing for the children.
I was detained by the police for questioning when I was out for groceries yesterday.
The U.S. began to withdraw its troops from Iraq in 2007.
They live with their own parents, and they will go to a hotel for sex when there's a need.
Simple is the trend. There is no need for unnecessary decorations.
Disclaimer: I've never studied those theories of Wittgenstein I just talked about. Don't hold it against me if I got it wrong.
It's a long story. I'll tell you when we meet.
This band, the members, their songs and dance are all freakish.
The Hang Seng Index fell 1000 points, decimating the returns of the bulls.
The Xiang language, Xiang cuisine, and the Xiang culture is very distinct.
Oh you want to know that girl? Let me be your intermediary.
The symptoms of this disease keep changing.
A-ming bought some cat food for feral cats.
I hurt her and I still feel sorry now.
I often wear a T-shirt and jeans when I am not in the office.
He tried very hard, but still he couldn't win in the end.
You always come to work late and leave early. Are you trying to set me off?
I'm glad that I have chance to share with you my story.
Since there were not many customers today, Ming, the youngest in the restaurant, went out to the street junction to scout around for customers.
Babies don't distinguish between day and night. When they want to eat, they eat, and when they want to sleep, they sleep.
Thank you for your donation in support of the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals' charity work.
She always sexually assaulted by the boss. She decided to tell all these to the boss's wife.
I feel hurt when I saw my son working so hard.
They are relatives in name, but in fact they don't contact much.
It is found that the suspect well planned the assault.
The entire school - the principal, teachers, and students - joined hands to clean the campus.
Both of them are of the same mind. For many things they have tacit understanding.
After their retirement, many top officials enter employment with private firms straight after their lock-up period.
If you want to get drunk, just drink a cup or two of whisky, and you'll get drunk easily.
If my grandmother were alive, she would be very happy.
The Taiwanese government had issued a curfew during the martial law period, constraining the nighttime movement of citizens.
He has been convicted of murder, and is sentenced to life imprisonment.
There are many chairs in the house. Why do you sit on the floor?
This shirt is made of 100% cotton.
You dress like a hipster, but are in fact an #MK .
Every course has its own course code.
She is a princess from the upper class. How could she be able to do these tasks?
The three of us have been playing together since we were children right up to adulthood. So how about his personality, well we all know it without saying.
This assignment is due tomorrow but I have done nothing. I need to do it in a hurry!
Now job titles are so inflated that many become managers shortly after graduation.
The market predict the increase in interest rate will be 15 basis points in mid-2022.
This company has just had a unprecedented record of profit hike, better rake in some of their shares.
He has a massive frame. If he were to faint, there's really nobody that could drag him.
I don't have enough money for my monthly expenses, how can I have spare money for travelling!
The document is very important. Hand it to your workmates for double-checking before sending it out.
I wish I could share with you my deepest secrets one by one.
For such good results, it's obvious that he always studies hard.
I swear: If I vote for him, I'll get struck by lightning!
Haven't you ever seen a dog dancing? It's nothing rare.
You know the dead will never come back so don't be so sad.
He was snoring all night and I couldn't fall to sleep.
Yesterday I played board games with friends, I don't wanna use my brain too much today, I have overpowered my brain yesterday already.
You are having a perfect plan, but it depends whether it is feasible or not.
Her happiness is based on other's pain.
I saw pervert who kept yelling on the bus.
In the past, people edited photos, bit by bit, with enlargers in darkrooms, not as quick and convenient as it is nowadays with software.
A: Can I use your washroom? B: As you please.
He doesn't like you so he always criticizes you for your extremely minor mistakes.
Customs seized pirated merchandise from Africa.
Just google it, don't ask others all the time.
Some property developers have been making their moves in old districts in recent years, owning a number of industrial buildings and revitalising them gradually.
She and her colleagues often chat and have many topics.
He has an unyielding character, it is nearly impossible to change his mind.
Hey, don't just read without buying a book in the bookstore. You should buy it to show your support to the author. They needs to earn a living too.
The selfie stick is the best thing ever for those who like to take selfies.
This museum has a collection of many valuable cultural relics.
This company introduced a series of new products.
Every time his mother urges him to get married, A-kit can offer a new excuse to stall.
After successive years of drought, the fields and gardens waned.
The police will implement crowd management measures in the Lan Kwai Fong area.
The beach after the tsunami is covered by corpses, it's just too horrible to look at.
Ever since our boss' corruption scandal was made public, he has been loathed by his investors.
A certain country always makes devious plans to make some island their own domain.
One-day pass might sounds more bargainable than the one-way tickets.
I love to eat longans.  I love the refreshing sweetness.
The city is too suppressive, that everybody is a bit depressed.
They have met before. There's no need to introduce them to each other.
His skill is still immature and has to be nurtured for some more time under his master's teaching.
We walked and walked, and next thing you know we were home.
Taking a ride from Yuen Long to Shau Kei Wan needs more than one hour.
He's gone mad! He all of a sudden asked me to lend him a hundred thousand dollars.
Without popular mandate, the chief executive is just a lame duck. No large-scale reform will succeed.
His company is burning money so quickly, if it goes on like that, it will go bankrupt soon.
After the explosion, the wreckage of the plane scattered on the sea.
I was a good sportsman quite a long time ago, but now I am so old that I can't even move.
Today is Ching Ming and the descendants visit the graves of their ancestors to pay their respect.
A 3000-year-old buried city has been unearthed.
You have to answer honestly whatever the prosecutor and the lawyer ask you.
His ball hit out of bound, so he lost a point.
Let's colour the pig. Which colour pencil are you going to use?
That columnist often includes famous quotes, but I can't see they are really relevant to the contents of his articles.
What the hell! You've dumped rubbish in front of my house?
He's always lording it over people up at the housing estate, pushing people around, and even beating old women up.
I've tried so many times and failed, but I don't know what the problem is.
The identity of the secretary is exposed—she is the commercial spy from the rival company.
When I first met her, she kept her head down and didn't speak a word. She was so shy.
I'm the youngest daughter, so my family always take care of me.
He was cheated by a bait trap when he was gambling with someone recently, that's why he now needs to borrow meal money from everyone he knows.
The crash, resulting in many casualties, was horrible.
My boyfriend got all fired up last night, it felt so good that my hips were moving on their own.
I've forgotten to bring the umbrella and I'm soaked from head to toe.
Hong Kong needs more people who care and offer their help to those in utmost need.
All the parking meters on this street are broken. It's clearly just a trap!
In my own view this plan is not practical.
He hopes that close contacts would cooperate with the government's epidemic prevention work.
Today is ten years after the 911 tragedy. The U.S. president is on television giving a speech in the mourning ceremony.
Who says he quit last month? I just met him in the lift when this month began.
He seems unhappy, should we comfort him?
Uncle Three is very generous, you should seek his help if you are hit with a financial downturn.
Fortunately, I passed this subject, or else there will be a big trouble.
The doctor said only his next of kin could go and see him in the ward.
Let me knit you a scarf. Which yarn do you like more?
This event is so complicated and confusing that the outsiders can hardly understand.
When I was small, I dreamt of being a superhero to warn and punish the evil guys.
The scene and the atmosphere... are completely scary.
States from antiquity have all ceased to exist, but many of them have passed down their civilization.
The road is jammed, it is better to walk.
There will be a live broadcast of the World Cup final on television tonight.
Give me a break. I can barely do 20 times of push-up, let alone 100.
She suffered from severe illness in her late years, she does not have any children taking care of her either, she was very miserable.
He remained silent and held his chins up throughout the press conference.
Sik Sik Yuen Wong Tai Sin Temple is a Taoist temple that can issue marriage certificates.
Water has been discharged from the Shenzhen reservoir. There may be a risk of flooding in some parts of the New Territories.
Why not ask him to fix instead of me? He taught me some skills before.
I'm old enough and can't deny that my retirement is coming close.
The trip you planned has so much fun! It's absolutely fantastic!
Wow, your way of playing is so tricky that even the computer has been trapped by you.
He worked in the department site under sun and rain, making his skin rough and wrinkled.
Professor Lee always praises Professor Wong for being knowledgable. That's like knows like.
Last night, our gang went to the forest to have a contest of gust. A-ming disguised as a ghost caused A-chung to be so scared that he wet himself.
The newly-wed take an oath in front of the lawyer and their relatives and friends.
I booked a room with twin beds, but they give me a room with a double bed.
Why would you ride the roller coaster? You could get a heart attack!
In Japan, you should take off your shoes when entering a house, so as to follow the custom.
Don't leave your ID card at home. The police may catch you when you go out.
There are a lot of people soliciting customers, and would not let go unless they yeilded to buy whatever they are selling.
The bride and groom are such a perfect match that all guests admire them.
You have made my daughter pregnant. Don't you admit your responsibility?
Protests where all you do is walk around, kind of make you never want to protest again.
My kid is a cry-baby. He just cries whenever he doesn't get what he wants.
In order to combat speeding, the government should impose harsher punishment.
I haven't worn a watch since having a mobile phone.
Tour guides are quite harsh nowadays. They force tourists to make purchases.
Why did you spend so much to buy me a diamond ring?
I am too full and my stomach is not feeling well.
I was humiliated today, and I will humiliate you even more someday!
Not a drop of ink will drip out if you hang him upside down, how will it be possible for him to slander you with posters?
This morning, the Hong Kong Observatory recorded the lowest temperature of the year.
The whole course of this murder case was turned into a film.
You messed up everything. Now we're in big trouble!
He's quite an introvert; he is most scared of having to make new friends.
As a girl, being so dirty is really shameful.
If the government oppresses its people, then it won't be supported by them.
I always buy cart noodles when I was a secondary student because it's affordable.
You have done such a great job, A-OK!
Don't disturb her, she might be having sex with her husband.
The polar bears and the cartoon characters have enriched the atmosphere of the Christmas season.
Sir, would you mind spending a moment to fill out a questionnaire?
Some prisons are designated for junior criminals.
It's late at night and my brother still has not returned home. No wonder mom is worried about him.
How can we discuss this if you don't listen to our opinions?
What takes you so long? Don't try to play for time.
They are holding hands every day, what a good relationship!
The candidates of that party only knows how to criticise potential voters for not seeing the big picture, but never stops to reflect on their own shortcomings. It is not worth pitying that they lose the election.
This photo is so revealing that it's almost not safe for work.
Disclaimer: I am not a member of the party nor have I voted for them before, but this time, I support them.
The students are very quiet. They are listening to what the teacher says carefully.
You are big enough to take over my company and be in charge of it, my son!
This programme is an insult to the audience's intelligence.
To be a model you generally need to have a tall and slim figure.
It is reported that the sound of fighting was heard from the scene of the murder.
He was so bizarre during his school years, all his teachers remember him.
To learn a spoken language, we must speak more, listen more and should not be afraid of making mistakes.
When I went to my first job interview, I was so frightened I couldn't utter a word.
The police still cannot arrest the fugitive from justice after a decade.
After diagnosis and treatment, he has recovered from his illness.
The Chief Executive refused to withdraw the bill, and the citizens pursued this issue relentlessly.
Some actors received acting awards but they are still unpopular, people would only recognize the names of their roles but not their names.
When the shutter opens and closes, the camera has taken one photo.
I realise that I don't really like this major.
The placenta is low-lying on the ultrasound, so we need to recheck next time.
Chief Secretary for Administration announced his ressignation to run for Chief Executive.
When the black rainstorm signal is issued, people should take shelter in a safe place.
He is very angry right now. You'd better come back again.
Your dream girl does not have a crush on you. Stop fancying her.
I have to hand in five essays within three days. I'm extremely busy.
Don't think about getting back with your ex again ever. It just wastes your effort.
He is talented in acting. However, since he doesn't have close relationship with the creative director, he doesn't get to lead in TV dramas.
John Wycliffe translated the first English Bible.
For he has taken the lead in quite a number of drama series in recent months, he is definitely the feature actor of TVB.
I had a fascinating dream last night where I went to the Moon as an astronaut.
Ten students felt unwell after eating lunch and were sent to the hospital.
The stock market hasn't been that stable lately, so speculators prefer not to act rashly.
He's done dodgy business for years and made a lot of money from it.
The protesters clashed with the police outside the embassy.
He was so moved by the movie that I saw tears welling up in his eyes, only to be forcefully held back by his dignity.
She's having an exam tomorrow but she doesn't seem in the least concerned. In fact, she hasn't even started studying.
During Ching Ming Festival, we would make some Chinese gold money origami and burn it for our ancestors.
Everybody takes off their shirts when playing basketball in the hot summer.
Ah Yi is working as a part-time waitress in a Western restaurant. Tips are in her hand.
The fire engine crashed with a taxi when dashing for rescue.
So you know, saying "whatever" does not really mean whatever.
Through the exchange, students from both places reach a deeper understanding.
Today is the first round of the competition, we need to make an impressive start!
This book was written based on grandpa's oral report, recorded by me.
The union is here to express our demand and appeal towards the management.
At first he said he would come, but he changed his mind at the last minute.
It is not like that normally, may be it's glitched.
I have wished to send my gratitude to him in person but we are too busy. We are meant to cross each other's path.
If I find him reading the horse-racing news again in the washroom, I will give him hell in front of the boss!
It was so terrifying that the snake head could bite after decapitation.
There are so many flies. Put a fly tent over the cakes!
He gives an excellent speech calmly this time.
During the hot season, ice cream and soda are in the highest demand.
Wedding dress shops and photographic studios were flourishing on Lee Tung Street years ago.
He finally got a job after half a year of searching -  let's celebrate tonight!
Some students were shouting in the hall during the assembly, and were punished by the teachers on the spot.
Your house is so trendy, putting an antique furnishing here would become a bit inharmonious.
It is very unreasonable of you to have the say in everything.
Thinking of you treating me so well in the past, I forgive you this time.
He always plays dumb when his team members are called to account by the boss.
We would rather die than sell out our comrades.
Thanks to her awesome figure, Chrissie Chau has become the most successful of the pseudo-models for the past few years.
His wife and his mother quarrel frequently, making him feel really troubled.
Last week I feel so sick that can hardly eat, these few days seems recovered and the appetite is back.
The head of the department next door is really bossy. Some of his subordinates couldn't stand him and quit.
After working in his father's trade company for five years, he started a company of his own.
After mixing up whales and sharks, he became his friends' target of satire every time they eat out.
The ship's engine room was on fire. Luckily the fire was put out in time.
This year is a leap year in the luni-solar calendar, which is good for wedding!
Let me confirm the contract with you first.
I am only protecting my own benefits, what's wrong with that?
We are honoured to invite the lead singer to perform for us today.
If in case his company goes bankrupt, how would you recover your money from him?
You've already paid the application fee. It's already too late to back out now!
Your grandfather is already eighty, don't make him crazy.
Officials is having a press conference to notify the latest situation of the epidemic.
I saw a lot of animals at the zoo, for instance, giraffes, elephants, zebras, rhinos, and more.
The beancurd pudding has too much brown sugar in it and it's become orange yellow in colour.
He looks like an average joe, but he is in fact a board member.
After the incident, security has clearly been strengthened in this area.
Have you finished the game you bought a while ago?
The property price in Hong Kong is astronomical, so many people cannot afford a proper flat.
The design of Lingnan gardens embodies Han people's gardening style from the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period and the history of Lingnan.
I've put aside learning German for so many years that I've forgotten almost all of what I've learnt.
I will let you go this time. Do not get caught by me again.
He slaughtered and ate the dog. It was really cruel.
Those Councillors with low attendance should have their wages cut.
With medical advancements over the next one to two thousand years, perhaps man can conquer mortality and gain eternal life.
Even kids have to apply for a couple of certificates.
She performed uncharacteristically poorly in the exam due to illness.
The search team finally located his husband's remains yesterday.
My elder brother said mum's belly was getting bigger and bigger which means my little brother will be born very soon.
In terms of cultural preservation, Hong Kong does far less than others.
The store would have goods at very low prices to draw people's attention at the end of a year.
In just one year, I have travelled in four countries.
Ridiculous things happen in Hong Kong every day. The situation is getting worse, but it has already become a norm.
The enemy is coming! Everyone is preparing to flee, why are you still staying here?
The economy is weak and the unemployment rate is high. The society is filled with a sentiment of discontent.
We are bros, not matter how hard and tough the way ahead, I will standby your side !
He went mad and ate his girlfriend.
We know he's always late, so we arrange to meet a quarter earlier.
Will bamboo shoots affect my illness? Can I eat them?
Familiar? No way! I know him but he doesn't know me. Plus, I've seen him only once!
This game show gives out a lot of cash in addition to various prizes.
I have just scratched someone's car and lost a couple grand out of the blue.
This is a difficult challenge for you. You need to be careful.
We want to interview the school principal about his view on the student strike.
This baby has chubby cheeks, he's so cute.
The police believed that the thief broke in and stole early in the morning.
A documentary will be shown on Pearl TV channel next Sunday night.
You will get easily bullied, as you are too kind and soft.
My family came from Teochew, and therefore I can speak a bit of Teochew.
She is so petty and always feel envy.
His final shot was an air ball. He failed to come back.
The first systematic book on geometry is Euclid's elements.
I was surrounded by others, and found it hard to breathe.
Her performance impressed me.
We all keep in touch, but everyone's real busy, so if we meet it's only sporadic.
If I hire you, when can you start to work?
I'm carrying a heavy backpack. Walk faster!
Since both of us are brothers, it doesn't matter who pays since it's the same.
She's only mad at you due to the misunderstandings.
He is such a fickle, saying that I am his one true love at one moment and staring at the other chic at the other.
You have good intention, but this may cause negative impact.
The defeat in the last match is all my fault. I hope you can give me a chance to redeem myself in the next match.
Had received all bloody separated tiles from the game start, If I can barely gather a ready hand, I have to admire myself.
Mum went to toilet, come and help fill the last seat.
People are terrified when they see a gecko, actually geckos are pretty nice, as they feed on mosquitos and insects.
He was hoping that the matter would never be known by the public, thus ensuring his uneventful requirement, however it got exposed by the media just now, forcing him to resign. He's penny-wise, but pound-foolish.
The person sitting next to you is so new to me. Who is he / she?
He's a bastard, he took my virginity and broke up with me right afterwards.
He has a rather angular and unpleasant face.
The recording of this interview has been saved on the computer already!
He always wanted to be a teacher, so he went to a normal school once he graduated from secondary school.
To deal with the extra orders, the workers need to work day and night.
Influenced by avian flu, the supply of live chickens is suspended.
It's too early to nail the coffin of the revolution.
The US army is arguebly the best in the world.
She is so cute! I think I've fallen in love with her.
I've bought many things recently. I'm really broke now.
In bamboo theatres nowadays, bamboo poles and fir beams are erected as standards and ledgers to form frameworks, with metal sheets are covered.
Make a will first. So after you pass away, we would know your intention about the funeral arrangement.
If you don't publish the post now, it can't get any likes.
This is a matter of life and death, call the police now!
The date that we are heading to Japan is 18th June.
As officials are unjust and make people live hard, people are forced to launch uprisings.
I only study psychology. I can't read your mind.
The actress is getting close with her rumoured boyfriend recently.
Most women stop having their periods between the ages of 40 to 50.
According to the latest situation, I have the following suggestion.
He moved so far away that every day he needs to drive 3 hours for commuting, wasting time indeed.
We need to secure votes from 20% of all students - that's easier said than done.
The citizens' demonstration aims to urge the Secretary to step down.
This calculator uses solar energy, so you don't need to worry about the battery running out.
We will note down what we've discussed during today's meeting.
Just tell me who you are falling in love with. Trust me, I will close my mouth.
This Cantonese Opera star contributed a lot for the industry in his life. All the practitioners feel their sympathies for his passing away.
I went to Sri Lanka last month, I followed a local guide, and I had a lot of great food.
Don't steal others' photo for your icon, please use your own.
Tonight is the London derby of Premier League, with Arsenal compete against Chelsea.
What's wrong with the producer? The budget of the production was overrun.
Times have changed! It's the youngsters' generation now.
I work my ass off, only to earn a hundred bucks or so. I quit!
The film on release has nothing worth mentioning and is probably overrated.
Teach me how to download this photo, could you?
John said he wanted to dump his girlfriend because she was not willing to take cumshot in the mouth
After the civil war, there were all ruins all around the country.
This woman gave up her well-paid job in order to take care of her child.
It's still a flower bud now, but it'll be gorgeous when it blooms.
He's a newcomer to the company, so he doesn't know the rules.
Producing a computer involves complicated procedures.
How can you be so indecisive ? Just make up your mind, Okay ?
The unemployment rate dipped marginally last month to 6.5%.
Your friend is working in the A brand sport shoes distributor, can you help me to make a connection on procurement of a batch of limited edition sport shoes?
Can you do any math at all? The problem is so simple, and you still manage to get it wrong!
If you don't fix it soon, I'll file a complaint against you.
An athlete reaches the apex of his career at the age of twenty-five.
The councilor is not going to take you seriously; after she finishes going through the motions, she won't be following up on your case anymore.
The government has arranged several public consultation workshops for this project. I hope you will actively join and express your views.
Even with real estate prices being where they are now, some folks are still saying anybody who can't afford property is lazy. Talk about out of touch!
Burrowing gobies also fit for preparing fish soup. Apart from lower prices, they can improve blood deficiency.
On the basis of common sense, he won't hurt his own children.
He did so much for his job, hoping his boss will promote him. At the end, his boss promoted another guy. All his effort gave him nothing.
A-chung aces a single exam and now he's acting as though he's superior.
To have your bones hard and strong, you have to take this pill.
The artist's wife used to be his manager.
Although Chief Executive was ultimately authorized by all citizens in theory, it only voted by less than 1200 people. That is why a Chief Executive never recognized by citizens.
He's a reliable person. There wouldn't be any trouble cooperating with him.
He even harassed his own young daughter. What a bastard!
We are in the list of alternates, so we may not be able to participate in the competition.
The issues that are discussed in society are closely related to you as well.
The baby keeps crying without stopping. I really have no method to deal with him.
The thief broke into my house silently.
Don't keep grinning and think you don't have to share the responsibility with us.
Today is our friends' birthday, so we are going to have hotpot which is her favorite and celebrate!
He is so frugal and thrifty. He always checks with several places to get the best deal whenever he needs to buy something.
The spokesperson kept dancing around the issue when pressed with sensitive questions.
Remember not to rinse the spaghetti; the remaining water can be used to make the sauce.
A clerk like me is the bottom layer of the corporate pyramid.
Just say it if you don't want to go on a date with me. Don't fool me.
Because a typhoon hit Hong Kong, many flights had to be cancelled and many travellers were held up at the airport.
The distribution of the tickets will start at 9 a.m. tomorrow sharp. For details please see the website below.
You are way better than us. Why don't we strike a balance, you can make a team with another newbie to play against us three.
I want to hire an assistant to help with word processing.
It's just a few steps away and you want to take a taxi? You're really extravagant.
Why don't you wrap up things nicely and finish your homework?
I have finished reading this book. You can take it away.
You will get benefit by subtracting revenue by cost.
My urge finally came, I went to the bathroom, and I was back in no time!
She is interested in capturing the everyday life of ordinary people through street photography.
My new car was being scratched by others just after one month of purchase.
This restaurant is a disgrace to Hong Kong! They make a dupe of tourists by charging them double!
Their relationship is stable. Even when something happens, they will face it together.
Not only did he not help the victim, but he also kick the victim when he is down.
Siu-ming is now the school age. He should not skip the primary education.
We should prepare a contingency plan.
Napoleon Bonaparte is one of the greatest commanding officers in world history.
The dominance of the real estate sector is so severe, the small businesses can no longer survive, and everything is so pricey, that it makes our lives so hard now.
This article doesn't help much, but it doesn't matter to read.
Due to differences in biological structure, men and women have very different responses to an orgasm.
As the audience requested, the band performed two more songs.
As members of the junior staff, we don't have any influence over the business strategies of the company.
This family photo is so well taken! I'll print one for grandpa.
We all feel stressed, why did you want to make me angry?
She has done literally everything to prepare for the exam.
Many ladies want to slim their chubby face, but some people rather think that chubby face looks quite cute.
He is too selfish that he doesn't share with others.
His missing is just a false alarm. Go to the police station and close the case with me.
People are swarming to get the new iPhone.
The news says there will be an eclipse of the sun at 2pm today.
You switch back and forth between learning ballet and learning singing. As a result you are not good at either.
In recent years there has been a slowing in the rate of globalization around the world.
We got scooped by our competitor in the race to sell the same product. What a bad move for us!
There are numerous cases of excessive policing power and improper use of force.
The thief is panic when he sees the police. So he did not run away.
Mr. Chan donates his income of a month to a charity organisation.
After hardship, he finally succeeded in restoring things to order and solved predecessors's mess neatly.
Under the care of devoted volunteers, the injured Lantau water buffalo has been gradually recovering.
The reason people don't like to share tables at restaurants is that they don't want to sit face to face with strangers, which may sometimes involve awkward eye contact.
Life is long, we would come across a dick or two anyway.
It will soon be my turn to be on stage. I'm really nervous.
Ming General Japanese Sushi Restaurant is notorious for its lousy sushi. Everyone tries and knows it is a dodge.
This is a high level competition, consider yourself doing pretty well if you pass the preliminary round.
The busker sings so well that the passers by are halted and listen to her.
You should take care of your own health during the convalescent period. Otherwise you will regret when you grow older.
Mr. Chan has always been selfish. He deserves the betrayal of his friends and family.
Mum joined a package tour to Taiwan last month. The entire trip was about eating. Mum enjoyed it a lot.
Giving up on yourself won't solve the problem!
Can you feel that she's not in a good mood today?
The viewpoints in your essay are so avant-garde -- beware heavy criticism.
EMSD said they would refund all fans with "Mei Mei Electrics" on the plug, where there is a large risk for short-circuiting.
I have tried all the possible ways but still failed, this time I have no more tricks up my sleeve.
Drug dealing will ruin a man's whole life. I won't do such vile things.
You should have all your valuables with you when travelling.
He wants his wife be a housewife after getting married.
This shirt is fashionable for the youngsters of today.
Let go of your negative emotions. Then you shall be relieved.
I have gone to many job interviews, but I'm still unemployed.
The waitress in the cha chaan teng asked me whether I maintain/build websites, because she sees me often bring my laptop...
The atmosphere is too tense for me, so I made a few jokes to loosen it up.
The community is continuously improving. You will fall behind if you don't work hard.
The industry you're in is very volatile. I think you should save more money and prepare during good times, so when the economy isn't doing as well, you won't need to worry as much.
The girl slapped her boyfriend's face fourteen times.
The political programme of the new government is supported by general citizens.
I am still using a 56K modem to surf the Internet.
Throw away all the inkless pens. They need not be kept.
Don't stay on your seat for whole day, stand up and move around!
He really hates socializing, and will squirm and moan in reluctance when told to do so.
You still have not promoted after years.
The summer employee comes to work 10-15 minutes late every day. Does he think he is the boss?
Your daughter was raised in a greenhouse. Are you sure she will be alright if she travels abroad by herself?
The truth of the murder was finally revealed!
Hello team, we're crossing the border from Poland to Germany now. There is no need to stop at border control as both countries are in the Schengen zone.
He had captured the whole course of the incident on videotape.
Yes, learning English can be difficult, but it's not impossible. With determination and perseverance, you'll eventually get there.
The differences between those two managers widened so much that eventually the CEO had to intervene and mediate between them.
Economists are worrying about a stock market crash like that in 1920s.
To him, I think his career is more important than me.
You always don't listen to me. Only when I lose my temper do you listen to me.
This house is rented by many tenants before, so it is a bit shabby.
Ms Wong is a well-known boss that many people work for her.
In this day and age, service like that is unacceptable.
He's such a wasteful person! He parties every night and spends tens of thousands in clubs.
One needs not be so famous as too much fame may get oneself into trouble.
His violin sounds very beautiful, getting everybody indulged in.
I'm making myself pretty clear. How can you still not understand?
Many rumours are untrue. We shouldn't easily believe in what people say.
We'll see a beautiful sunset once we reach the top of the mountain!
Some legislators earn their salaries simply by throwing stuff in the Legislative Council.
My life is hollow. I am so lonely. I need a girlfriend.
Parents should not force their kids to study all day long. That kills their creativity.
The greater a positive integer is, the smaller its reciprocal is; the greater a negative integer is, the greater its reciprocal is.
As long as our counter-attack succeed, we can turn the tide.
I wish to have a chance to meet my better-half after being single for a few years!
The housewife trader is back, we are saved.
He hasn't got a single reply from the thirty job application letters he sent.
Market is popular, lots of younger people hold a booth.
He skipped town and left his family with a huge sum of gamble debt, what a doombringer to his family.
A-chung received a complaint which said that his lewd behaviours make the women around him uncomfortable.
I know that sometimes I talk too much that not everyone wants to listen to me.
Tomorrow is the deadline, we'll have to work even faster than normal to finish it tonight.
"Below the Lion Rock Series" by Roman Tam is a very famous song.
Antibiotic abuse caused bacteria to start developing drug resistance.
After the SARS outbreak, the ban on the consumption of wild animals was not lifted.
Shit! I was thinking of taking a quick nap but I overslept.
Stop blaming Ah-yi! She didn't want to lose the competition neither!
He had been punished by disciplinary action before. That would cast a negative effect to his appraisal.
He reverted to his bad ways soon. He was insincere to correct it!
Don't rely on him; he only ever talks the talk, but never walks the walk.
It's wet everywhere after the rain. You can't play the slides for now.
The company is going to cut budget again.
Everyone in the venue are shouting for an encore.
After his bankruptcy, everyone whom he knows turns their back on him, and now he has no one to depend on, which is really pathetic.
He is smarter in this relationship. He will no longer let his girlfriend spend all his money.
You ask me for many gifts, do you think I am a rich man?
Phonology is a compulsory subject for students majoring in Chinese.
She never misses a chance to seek advice from senior actors when she is getting ready to act.
You should find out the truth instead of repeating others' words blindly.
He buys gold whenever he earns money because the value of gold is stable.
I have heard that they will resume working on the aborted works later on.
I've had that experience. I can understand the same confusion.
The duo's height difference is particularly pronounced when they are juxtaposed.
The insurance salesmen extract large commissions, beware of their sales tactics.
Many people are just bystanders, laughing at other people.
What? $200 for a mobile phone? It's probably gonna blow up or something. There's no way you can get a high-quality phone in that price range.
She takes good care of her schoolbag, and never puts it on the floor.
You need a proposal to attract investors to invest in your start-up.
We are on the negative side, we should do some research on disagreement.
"Ode to Joy" is one of Beethoven's famous works.
The show's host is witty and that's why many people love watching his show.
Are you aware that it's actually quite impolite to stare at people?
I never thought I would experience a deadly fight at the train station.
I just realised that gummies are made by animal bones!
Sushi origins from south east Asia, and Japan is where it becomes popular worldwide.
After the operation, there will be stabbing pain in the wound.
Please wash your hands with liquid soap and water to keep them clean.
I smell something bad, is the rice burnt?
This area becomes deserted when night comes like a ghost city.
If you don't forgive yourself, you will be eternally doomed.
This piece of news is just for promotion, it may not be real.
He is not only knowledgeable but also very humble.
Can you please line up over here, we will set out after I finished the head count.
After one's death, he will rest in the Lord's embrace.
It just so happened that I saw him yesterday, so I told him about it.
That factory was revealed to have used gutter oil and its products have been removed from the shelves.
He'll be late; you have my word on it. In fact, he's probably still at home changing.
"Miss, I wanna go to the toilet." "You may not. Sit back down!"
I've just finished my PhD. Do you need an odd-job man?
I was once what you are, and you will become what I am.
This song brought up the emotions of the audience; it is thus understandable why people stood up clapping after the performance.
The success of this project depends on all of your support.
The police suspected that a short-circuit may have started the fire.
The restaurant downstairs closed down after only three months of business.
You are saying something irrelevant, we are not talking about this right now.
He messes up things every time he comes to work and makes customers freak out. He brings bad luck.
If someone find my missing dog, I will give great reward.
Despite difference in conditions of countries, universal values are still the common pursuit of the human race.
She has very delicate facial features, and her beauty resembles that of a doll.
Hong Kong is a place with many business opportunities. If you are willing to work hard and take risks, you'll have a bright future ahead of you.
May I reply to you after listening to my wife's opinion.
Ah-sze has been working hard for ten years and finally her talents started being noticed in the financial sector.
I take one piece of cake and leave the rest of them to you all.
The company has specially appointed several people to carry out the project.
After winning the Best Actor, the main actor of the movie has become a box office poison for years.
She is dying, how can you stand here and do nothing!
The rise of industrial automation is forcing changes. Hong Kong industrial manufacturers cannot stay away, but either to develop new strategies or to close.
The ways he used to trick the teachers were classic.
Those developers are hoarding lands again, such a waste of land.
In some games, the "big Joker" outranks the "little Joker".
I ordered a bowl of "super spicy" rice noodles in Tam Jai, and my nose ran like a faucet on my first taste of it.
You are almost three years old. You are going to study in a kindergarten!
He fought against ten others on his own. That strength is beyond compare.
She employs three maids, they are responsible for cooking, cleaning and baby-sitting particularly.
Her daughter has just learn to use a sewing machine, and out of carelessness, has a needle through her index finger now.
The sweet soup of today is mung bean sweet soup and red bean sweet soup. Which one do you want?
You are so irresponsible, just like your father!
He is open and direct that he always acts decisively.
"I will buy everyone dinner the next time." "You said it several times before. You never keep your words."
The biggest blockade of making friends is one's own cheapskates.
The rabbit thinks the tortoise will surely come nowhere close to him, so he takes a nap under a tree.
When he got the prize, the whole audience gave him a standing ovation.
Lu Xun wrote stories to mock the ridiculous things happening in the society at that time.
I never had any musical talent, and no matter how much I tried, I was never able to learn how to play any instruments.
The plural form for "man" is "men". You don't add an s to it.
Today, many new singer groups are present at the opening ceremony.
The date, time and venue for the forum are set out below.
He walked away from his massive debt and his family.
Stop checking out girls from the corner of your eyes, you pervert.
We have to stay here for rehearsal. There's not enough time to go out for lunch. Let's order some boxed lunches.
Their company hopes to balance the books as soon as possible through cost-cutting and revenue generation.
The motto of the City University of Hong Kong is "Officium et Civitas".
Don't listen to those finance actors. Make your own investment decisions.
Let's leave now. After six o'clock it's gonna be really crowded.
Supporters and opponents are both welcome to dial to our phone-in programme to say something.
A-chung got all dispirited after being rejected by a girl? He's so weak-willed!
The police is investigating in a succession of arson.
Our indifference is all due to the change of the society.
Siu Ming always tells big lies: He has ten dollars but he boasts he has a hundred!
You said one plus one equals zero? You must be completely crazy.
This movie is full, do you want to watch another one?
You have finished half of the assignment, it doesn't matter to finish the other half.
She left us a lot of amazing architectural design.
The traffic jam caused a 5-kilometer queue, reaching Princess Margaret Hospital.
In the period we fought against the Japanese, we suffered so much that sometimes we did not even have food.
Though the wound is not healed, the football player refuses to be absence in the match. He is admirable.
Durians smell so bad. I don't know why you like eating it so much.
You read thirty books a month? You think those magazines and comics count as "books"?
It is surprising we don't have any rice in the house, there's no alternative but to cook noodles.
Hey, it seems like you have a kiss mark on your neck. What did you do last night?
Mum, the cute version of the soft toy is so cute, I want it!
The pipelines carry crude oil direct from the oil field to the harbour.
When I thought of my mother's pork ribs, I will feel hungry.
We haven't seen each other for so long, it's inevitable that we are not as close as before.
Though I have been in the realm of love for many years, I never fall in real love with anybody.
It's my brother's big day. I'm not going to make a scene with you, only out of respect for him.
Freelancers never know when their next business project will come.
You had put a lot of effort into this case. Even though you fail, our boss won't blame you.
After getting married, he has become a "good husband," and no longer goes out drinking.
I have already explained the matter clearly to our supervisor.
He possesses great power in the company, even the manager doesn't dare to do something about it.
You can't depend on your father-in-law's support for your entire life. You should be self-reliant and find your own way to find business deals.
He had consulted lots of resources before completing the assignment.
As a mother, I do care about my kids' health.
When I saw them discussing I knew they were planning to play some tricks on other classmates.
Those workers are signing in at two construction sites every day and get paid twice! How dare they!
At the time, I made the promise to him right away without even thinking. Looking back now, I'm starting to regret it.
Look at my biceps. I've trained for 2 months!
I believe in karma; these bad people will be punished by fate.
It used to be a common practice to go to tea house to listen to Cantonese Opera music, but not anymore.
I will pass your complaint on to the higher authorities.
The most sophisticated part of this song is the changing emotions implied in the lyrics.
Since he abandoned his studies for his dream, people around him have made a lot of sarcastic remarks on him.
There is always no clue about his whereabouts. How could I have no worries!
You are so arrogant. No one will want to play with you because of that.
Although she is the boss, she is not an arrogant person.
He always leaves things around, scattered here and there.
Singers perform in this restaurant regularly, which is quite special feature of it.
I forgot to zip my pants on my first date. It was super embarrassing!
Just now on the street I saw an armed fight between the two gangs.
There are always only two reasons why they are fighting - either children or money.
I have to complete all the formalities within this week.
After rolling and rubbing the dough, it has to be settled down and be fermented, it would then be larger and we could bake it in the oven.
I'm gonna die soon. Is it okay if I don't take the surgery?
This shirt is nice and yet inexpensive, this is really good value for money!
The securities committee will continuously sanction this company.
Goodbye! Although you will not be here, I will still remember our happy memories.
She plays with her wedding bracelet in a rare moment of idleness, only to find that it is not made out of real gold.
Mother urges us again and again to study hard.
You are going out with a girl on a date at a western-style restaurant! You shouldn't wear clothes that look so untidy. Give her a good impression!
Please walk faster. I wonder when we could reach the peak if you keep walking that slowly!
Students from this class are on a similar level, so they're easy to teach.
No matter how many challenges there are, he is able to face them in a calm, cool, and collected manner.
Don't be upset by jealousy, I'm sure the next will be you.
My children have all grown up. They all got married and have their own families now.
The priest hopes that he can enlighten the ignorant teenagers with love.
I want to buy earrings at the fair this Saturday!
I parted ways with my friend at the station, then went home.
Both linguistics and anthropology are interdisciplinary fields of study.
Do it by yourself, don't have so many requests.
Oh boy, I'm taking the class photo tomorrow, but now I've got a pimple...
Do they have an online store? If they do, we don't need to buy it here.
He had to sell his flat to repay the bank loan.
His dream is finally realised that he is awarded First Class Honours.
My house was broken into and a few Gold Rolex watches were stolen.
When you go to the supermarket, can you do me a favour and buy a pack of rice for me?
I buried the body in the slope over there, that's all I know, I swear.
I've always been this hardworking, but you've just never noticed it.
He is such a funny guy. When you're with him, you won't be bored.
There is charity sale down the street, go check it out, see if there is any bargain.
You've been so good to me, I don't know how to repay your kindness.
That guy must be jinxed, we never had any luck since he joined us.
We're having too few participants for Sunday's event. Please call your friends to come and support!
You can't be so overbearing to make us listen to you, let's vote on this matter!
This restaurant has a unique atmosphere and attracts a lot of customers.
The lease of his shop expired and he could only dump his inventory with a clearance sale, effectively selling princesses as maids.
I will take you to the park if you finish your homework.
You check the background of this guy. I will follow him.
You knew they were on a date — so dense of you to join them.
The government has put in two billion dollars to construct a new medical building.
His job is very undemanding. He doesn't really have much to do, and he leaves at 4:30pm every day.
"What's the matter? Is the TV too loud?" "No, it's not that. I've been feeling unwell since this morning."
Mom just spends more time looking after your little sister. Don't feel jealous.
Anybody could have written a crappy piece of commentary like this!
This lady is so charm that you never get enough watching her.
You go home so late. Don't you afraid that your wife would twist your ears?
A telecommunications service provider will organize a net speed competition at Sham Shui Po.
Their breakup was out of the blue, let me find out what happened.
To inspect fire safety installations once a month is a regular practice.
That vacuum cleaner has quite the power rating at 1500W.
Stop asking, you dick! I don't know jack shit!
The queue snakes around here, we'd better come here next day.
This person changes jobs a bit too often, are you sure you want to hire him?
He promised me thoughtlessly and he couldn't deliver once again!
After the car accident, the driver was stuck in the car on the verge of death.
If we can't beat them 3-0, I'll cut off my dick!
Some new immigrants ignore the lifestyle of Hong Kong, and simply maintain theirs instead.
You broke your promise. How can you blame me for not forgiving you?
Name of died ancestor and date of burning need to be written on the fu zin bag.
The fax machine has run out of paper,  so it can't take incoming faxes at the moment.
This local band is not weak at all; it is comparable to those few from foreign areas.
Recently, the new infectious cases are clueless and mysterious without any possibility of finding their origin.
He is away at the moment. I will ask him to call you when he comes back.
Don't make stinky tofu with the kitchen door open will you, it's stinking up the house!
Don't give in to her demands all the time, or buy her everything she asks for.
He is always having a good time in the town and was kicked from his school for abandoning his studies.
I hope that all of us will showcase our team spirit in the coming year, and lead our company to scale a new height!
The boss fight is about to over. Let's keep on the effort guys!
Now you can handle so many tasks simultaneously at ease. You really have gone up one level.
Go straight, turn right at the second crossing, and then you will see the shop.
It's really cool and refreshing to have a soft drink after doing sports.
Come on. Is it really so hard to wash the chopping board before putting meat on it?
Keeping on playing their songs, you should admit that you've got hooked into them, shouldn't you?
He resigned just a few days after onboarding, is this company dodgy?
Don't invite your friend to our gathering next time. He's quite annoying.
One cannot run his business in a bigoted manner, and must change according to the market demands.
What do you want to eat? Chinese, Western, or Japanese?
The kid acts cute in front of his mom because he wants a toy.
My mother like giving cakes made by herself to neighbours.
To come out and be a big criminal can be fatal , are you prepared for this ?
Lets work together for the singing contest!
The medical profession has proven that feeding with mother's milk is the best for the baby.
The movie is not itself especially exciting, but the cast is very attractive.
That stock has skyrocketed this morning. If I had knew that, I should have bought it yesterday. What a loss.
You just barely passed all subjects, I wonder how you'll deal with the next grade.
How lucky am I! Still feeling well after taking overdose drugs.
Bread might seem to be healthy and contain low levels of fat, but actually it has a high calorie content - each slice contains 66 calories, which is almost the same amount for a pound of cucumber.
You are not her maid, don't help him to finish up everything.
Once you buy a book, you should check if there is any damage or missing page.
Recently many musicians have relied on crowdfunding for their debut albums.
My boyfriend always cums too soon. The sex finishes before my instant noodles are done.
My home is close to my university, so I cannot apply to live in the university's dormitory.
Six eggs, two table spoons of sugar, and some orange peel.
He's been feeling very grumpy lately. If your response is slow, he'll even blow up on you.
You shouldn't offend him/her again, as he/she is going to mark this down in his/her heart.
After a ten-day holiday, as I switched on my computer there were hundreds of emails.
He is quite irresponsible. You'd better keep following up with him.
Tai Man Chan's accent gave away his identity.
My mother says I am too thin so she always forces me to eat a lot of things.
He was caught cheating during exam and was disqualified.
This is a trick question. Don't put it in an ordinary way.
MBA has become a hot and popular course recently.
Why are you watching the movie alone tonight? Where's your boyfriend?
It's so rare for us to match so well. Let's make a date with you to jam again next time.
These potatoes have been labelled as genetically-modified food.
The server has no more slots for expansion card.
You finally show your evilness. What is your aim?
The building of this shopping mall will complete after two years, there ten thousand job opportunities will be created by that time.
So I just don't write food reviews usually, but this time I SO had to write one.
It's dangerous to drive when it's raining cats and dogs. Let's take the underground instead.
I spent too much money last month, so I need to be more thrifty this month.
You change your mind so often. You'd better tell me after thinking more clearly.
She dresses herself most decently, but when she eats, she always leaves a mess.
I am omniscient. I can answer whatever you ask.
He talks about unclear and ambiguous things, I really don't know what to do.
The equipment in this operation room complies with international standards.
After so much turmoil, the incident finally came to an end.
Chinatown is bustling during the Lunar New Year.
Before every lesson, teachers and students should both prepare for it.
You have the look of someone whose thoughts are piling up in your head. It seems like there is a lot worrying you.
They are ostracizing me and wanted to get rid of me by taking a different bus route after school.
His proposal is very carefully written, with meticulous details down to the smallest expenses.
I've been learning to ice-skate for a long time, but I still keep falling over.
The fox transformed into a girl at a blink of an eye.
All the children of these high-ranking officials work or study overseas.
"Oh my god. She can't possibly have a boyfriend, can she?" "Who cares? She'll never be yours anyway."
Not only can Jyutping be used for dictionary lookups, but also for typing Chinese characters!
I have donated 1 million dollars to this university on behalf of my grandfather.
This pillow is very soft. I feel so comfortable when I sleep on it.
Sources said that there would be slight undulation in the stock market.
He is a strange person; he insists doing things his own way and refuses to follow the crowd.
Every family has its own problem, it is difficult for outsiders to understand.
Fresh milk needs to be kept cold throughout the deliver process.
The funeral for his grandmother will be conducted today, that's why he requested for leave.
This patient had a rather bad-looking chest X-ray, with negative cultures, could it be a case of viral pneumonia?
Don't wander the streets after school. Go home quickly!
Arranged marriage could still be found in India and China.
I heard that the first prize for lucky draw at today's Mei-ngaa will be $100,000 in cash!
To persuade voters, the candidate travelled here and there to make speeches
Nobody is here and it's completely deserted. What on earth is this place?
After retirement, grandpa returns to his native place and spends his late years there by strolling and playing chess every day.
An annual fee is required if one wants to use the bank counter service.
They've now become neighbours, always meeting each other.
After years of separation, I can reunite with my family.
There was a huge fire last night, and the house was burned to the ground.
It does not make sense to mention the technological development of decades before and nowadays in the same breath.
If you still don't come to eat, flies will come and eat your meal soon.
In order to buy a flat, he needs to work not only during daytime, but also a part-time job at night.
The outstanding supporting actor treated his acting career with a modest and humble attitude when alive.
Today my chef dad will cook dinner at home. You are lucky.
Working for so many days, I have finally finished the assignment.
Unsurprisingly, cheap stuff is no good. This pair of shoes, that cost me a few tens of dollars, is really uncomfortable!
The air-con is already set to the coldest. If you're still feeling hot, take off your clothes.
And for tonight's top prize... an expensive luxury car!
Since many of us cannot make it today, the meeting will be postponed to next week.
In the recent few decades, Hong Kong has undergone extremely significant changes.
He has not recovered from his old injury yet, so he could not participate in the competition this year.
Why you keep watching me ? Did I do anything bad on you?
It is common for couples to have a fight and you should not make too big of a deal out of it and divorce, as by then there will be use crying over spilt milk.
Keep the user manual so that any problem can be fixed when using.
Are you willing to take her as your lawful wife?
The plumber is coming tomorrow to install the new washing machine.
Boss says that's too expensive. You should ask around and get more quotes.
I am such a "glass tummy", have just eaten tiny amount of frying food and get a diarrhea.
The protesters made some noise outside the heavy gates of government headquarters, then dispersed uneventfully.
The government encourages taxi drivers to switch to unleaded fuel.
To save the party and the regime, the chairperson has to sacrifice the corrupted officials and bring them to justice.
The patient has an abdominal aorta aneurysm. We need to consult vascular surgery for whether there is need to operate.
My phone is running low on battery. I hope it can last an hour or two.
Nothing can tear me and my wife apart. Why would we divorce because of a small sum of money?
It's remarkable for the couple to love each other so much despite being married for so many years.
The car was parked here just for a while and it's already covered with bird droppings.
Studying linguistics does not entail directly learning other languages.
People gathered in Victoria Park to commemorate the Tiananmen Square incident.
Not understanding the development of the incident, I won't judge causally.
Lighting is available at the outdoor tennis court, enabling playing at night time.
We were originally thinking about going to Japan, but in the end we went to Korea.
I have just got my bonus; how about indulging ourselves with a splendid dinner tonight?
Mei believes in her boyfriend. Even if he watches films with girls, she is still composed.
The food of this place is nice but I suspect that it doesn't have many customers judging by its remoteness.
Being a person you can't be indecisive, you must make your own decisions.
This is the only supermarket on this island, and they are the monopoly here.
The LegCo passed a bill to allocate $200M on pre-school education.
We have to pay taxes on the profits and only after that get half the share. After these deductions we actually don't earn much.
We have to meet our target by any means necessary.
The little things in life are worth remembering.
I told you not to let the secret slip, now everyone knows it!
Although the cattle in the New Territories work so diligently, they still have a poor life.
Being in gangs means you would often meet the gang leaders.
In Japan, wasabi is usually put into the sushi pieces, but not to put in the soy sauce like us.
Only can we tolerate injustice in our surroundings?
Car shows these days attract a lot of amateurs who are only interested in taking upskirt photos of "young models". It's utterly indecent.
Stocks suffered their biggest fall since April today.
Fry the shrimp until it is golden in color.
Whether a pair is close or not does not only depend on distance.
He will leave for Tokyo tomorrow to attend a medical conference.
We should not jump to hasty conclusions without first studying the facts.
He works multiple jobs to raise his family.
At the very start, this container was tightly filled. Your products cannot fit in.
I don't know why, but it seems customary to attach a piece of razor blade in every threatening letter.
Those communists are invading our place, do we really need to flee ?
Anthony Perry's song "Earthy Rock" is really kick ass !
In recent years, businesses went south and I had no way but to go to the loan shark to keep up with the cash flow.
You have devoted all your waking hours to work, yet never reaping the fruits you deserve. How is it worth it?
The man was hit by a car on the street and his bleeding lead to shock before he was sent to hospital.
He always says things that do not make any sense.
He was found right in the act by his wife that he cheated on her.
We are discussing some important issues, don't break into our conversation!
That Benz, losing its control, mounted the pavement and hit the pedestrians.
He invested his savings in shares, but ended up losing all the money.
This district floods when typhoons and heavy rain hit.
After three weeks of searching for the suspect, the police finally arrested the suspect.
You need to light the fuse to explode the explosive.
He got much haggard after his wife's death.
If it's not right don't force it, or you might break it.
Rusting of iron is a very slow process under normal temperature.
The police caught a man without ID in Sai Kung, it is suspected that he is an illegal immigrant from mainland China.
He slaps my face just out of the blue, that crazy cunt!
If we can both make it, why don't we have dinner together tonight?
This old bakery has a seventy-year history.
Typhoon signal number 10 is on and you're still going out for fun. You wanna die?
After three rounds of selection, he finally became a member of the band.
My son is like a baby. When he goes out, I still have to help him put on his shoes.
If you move out, the living expense is going to be so high.
The organiser arranged over 30 marshalls to maintain the order.
The doctor said your chance of survival is fifty-fifty.
She acts as if she were an adult, using her mum's cosmetics to do make up.
The doctor tries his best to save the dying patient.
I was quite saddened when I heard about that news.
Environmental organisations promote the use of public transport instead of private cars.
The battleship also carried several floatplanes.
He has some amazing footwork and breakthrough the encirclement of three guards.
It's rare to see primary tumour of the peritoneum. Is that a metastasis instead?
He is often mistaken as a girl on the phone because of his high-pitched voice.
Superstitious people regard seeing magpie as a good omen.
Just give me a yes or a no; don't beat around the bush.
Ever since I left the university, I've been teaching secondary school.
You are not at all focusing on studying; how could you possibly tackle the DSE exam?
She is a big fan of Apple, having bought every Apple products.
I went out by boat last week to see the Chinese White dolphins. It was windy, the water was rough and I was seasick. Some dolphins appeared, but I was busy with my vomiting and didn't manage to see them.
Why did you buy us a heater in summer? It is completely useless.
We would invite our honorable guest to give us a speech in the ceremony every year.
This croissant is my little gift only for you, not for any one else.
My living now is satisfactory, at least I have enough to fill my stomach.
In this meeting, the two presidents will discuss bilateral relations. Moreover, they will exchange their views on environmental protection as well.
Wow you look gorgeous today! Where are you going?
Sham Shui Po is the gourmet heaven for the poor, there's a lot of grassroots teahouses, food stalls and greasy spoons.
If the battlefront approaches the capital city, it will be time to ask the head of state and the citizens to evacuate.
He stopped the car before the traffic light, but wouldn't start it even on green light. It's crazy!
You are already a grown woman, you can handle it yourself.
We've got all the eye witnesses and evidences, now you can clean your butt and prepare for imprisonment!
This house is strange. The former residents usually listed it for a quick sale after living here for just a while.
He is staggering, is he drunk?
The late British scientist Alan Turing, had helped to crack the German's cipher during World War Two.
My mother came to Hong Kong many years ago on a smuggler boat.
I don't want to spend as much as two hundred thousand dollars on a new car.
I have confessed my love to her and now I'm waiting for her to say "yes".
After an epidemic of more than two years, many countries in the world have started to open the borders again.
It would be great if I could drink some wine and listen to some music every night.
Foreign protesters always burn police cars to express their anger.
He was feeling unwell in the middle of the night, so he went to a hospital's emergency department.
I think I'm going to buy the e-book. A physical book is too heavy.
Hey, with your skimpy dress showing lots of cleavage, aren't you just asking for it?
After applying skin essence on my skin, they are shining.
Foreseeing that he has a low probability to win, Siu-ming decided to withdraw from the election.
People who like watching Japanese anime would usually like buying character figures.
Do not take any bliss for granted. We should be grateful for what we have.
People usually think that Cambodia is a remote and backward place.
The Observatory announced that the typhoon signal number would be issued at six. Everyone should go home early.
It is hard to give a helping hand to the hikikomoris because we are unable to locate them.
There is always some kind of women weeping sound at the bottom floor. It might be a ghost.
Their business has expanded enormously, while ours, in contrast, has declined.
All of his money was cheated by women, now wherever he goes, he is taunted by people.
How many were killed by the guillotine during the French Revolution?
One time I spotted a student cheat in an exam, but she denied everything.
My parents started seeing each other in high school. They got married two years later, and then I was born.
There are too many pollutants in the air, which makes the sky very hazy.
I'm just asking you to help type a few words. You're not going to refuse me, are you?
There were a lot of famous poets such as Li Bai and Du Fu in the Tang dynasty.
Why do you need to work so hard just for these extremely small profits?
After graduation, I wandered in Europe alone for a whole year.
He has worked 36 hours without sleep to meet a deadline.
Even if there are defects in their bodies, they can also live like normal people.
This trip to China helped me understand Chinese history and culture better.
We are ready to crush any attempt to split the country.
It's not until the second season when I knew what the protagonist was up to. I'm such an idiot.
My channel has one million subscribers.
The concert tickets sold very well and they were sold out very fast.
In order to move up the corporate ladder, he even pretend to be gay.
When the company was on the brink of closing down, he went all in and developed a new product.
My younger sister attends a single-sex school. She's eighteen now but has never talked to any boys.
He ran into a passenger after drink driving, so he is in serious trouble this time!
Once this company is listed, Uncle Six took 3 million dollars to the bank to buy their stock.
Auntie, you cook really well, can I join your dinner more often?
When I was in secondary school, I had to take part in the Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination.
This professor is famous for his high grading standard, to get an A from his class is like dreaming.
Should we think twice about whether we really did too far?
You must be saying that the vegetables are nice and fresh because this is your stall!
Such a stupid policeman!  The suspect used the excuse that he had to use the toilet and got away.
The photo is misplaced. Move it to the right side of the first paragraph.
The party's young politicians do not agree with the founders' view, and decided to go on their own ways to establish their own party.
Government censorship has inhibited the development of popular culture.
The Pokeball charger can help you to become the best pokemon trainer.
We were going out on a romantic date, and he took out a radio for the horse-betting broadcast. That totally spoiled my mood.
This is my area! No one can enter without my permission!
Miss Cheung is self-opinionated, obstinate and bumptious, she never takes others' advice.
He doesn't like iPad? You have no idea how happy he was when he got it on his birthday this year.
So many people smoke in this restaurant. He hates it, therefore, he seldom comes here to yum-cha.
I went to have afternoon tea with my boyfriend at the hotel yesterday.
Some social workers regret for their ignorance of the inhuman activities in correctional institutions.
As technology advances, accounting may become a sunset industry.
I was fired from my firm and am now a hired hand at the docks.
This area is under those thugs' control. They are the true local despot here, even the cops dare not to bother them.
He replaced the famous painting with the duplicate and thought nobody would know.
This medicine is proved by clinical experiments that it yields notable results.
How come! You've got along with me for a long time, but still don't know me well! Don't you know I like eating rice?
The autumn air is cooler and fresher, and not as humid as summer.
You might need to stuff a couple more push up pads in there; wouldn't want to get made fun of for being an "airport chest" now, right?
I have always had a high opinion of A-ming for his intelligence.
I've been carrying some heavy stuff today and my arms are tired.
When you go hiking in summer, be sure to bring enough water, so that you don't get heatstroke.
He defamed the school simply because it didn't admit him.
That guy sure is looking haughty. He wants a beat down or something?
Whether guys go as girls in MMOS for fun or for profit, is hard to distinguish.
If you are still naughty, Santa Claus will not give you any present!
She won two scholarships while she was in school.
Fans scrambled for a photo with their idol.
Think carefully about what he said; it's really very meaningful.
"Romeo and Juliet" is a masterpiece of William Shakespeare.
You have a cup of lemon tea every day with quite an amount of sugar, beware of getting fat!
We have only been dating for a month. Would it be too fast to have sexual intercourse?
We'll be having dinner with your uncle next week. Don't be late.
When China initiated economic reform, Hong Kong merchants took the lead to invest in it.
When we just moved in, there was no MTR here.
You're so fat and strong that no one dares to fight with you.
I have many friends who are gay, and I have heard the many problems that they face.
You're still going over there even though there's a fight? You might get hit in chaos!
He gives off a gentlemanly air.
Check carefully what you can't bring on a plane.
He should make full use of his ability to serve our society.
It is hard to see clearly when one has myopia in 1000 degrees without glasses.
He lived alone deep in the mountains, cutting off all communication with the outside world.
All students must leave the school after five o'clock.
As the charity fund closed, patients were not able to have medical expense subsidy.
The supporters of Nazism would think that Adolf Hitler is a dictatorial hero.
This television show was suddenly discontinued after being broadcast for more than ten episodes. Something is not right.
She has not yet given birth but she still tries challenging movements, boldness really stems from mastery.
He put the trousers into the washing machine to wash. The paper in the pockets was certainly worn away to nothing.
He couldn't help crying bitterly and immersing himself into pain.
On 1st July every year, thousands of Hong Kong citizens take to the streets to express their demands to the government.
She played the part of a smart lawyer in the film.
This time I forgive you, but no second time!
To tell you the truth, you failed the test.
It's so magical that the train can run without batteries.
Long-haul flights can seriously disrupt your biological clock.
The school has been having a sharp rise in their ranking in the district these years. A lot more parents apply for admission for their children.
I pleaded with him, but he stood firm and made no concessions.
You can participate in this conference only because of your strong personal connection.
He rises from the ashes of bankruptcy and build a factory yet again.
You should use a ring saw to saw a hole before cabling.
He said that so long as he is alive, he would not forgive his father.
Don't follow too closely behind the vehicle in front. Keep at least a 2-second distance.
The hill is low. It only takes an hour to walk to the summit.
His speech is empty and his words are long-winded.
Prefects play an important role in schools.
What tricks are you playing? Why make origami? Are you trying to impress a girl?
Tonight our group of friends are having a night out, but I'm the designated driver so I cannot drink alcohol.
It is heard that some human possess the ability to suspend their body in air.
I'll go to the grocery store at the street junction just ahead to buy a can of coke.
This restaurant recently introduced Spinach cheese quiche as a new dish.
How can you turn a blind eye to him having an affair?
The intention of the company was to attract more people to participate.
Although you are busy, you still do me a favour. You are really very nice.
He got his personal porn collection deleted by his girlfriend. That's why he is venting his anger.
So you think you are gonna win the competition? That is such a false hope you have.
The game ended in 1 to 1 tie. The two teams shook hands and entered the next round together.
He was born without lymph glands, therefore he gets sick easily.
We are going to grow less deciduous plants yet more evergreen plants.
I can be healthy because of you taking care of me.
He lives in the suburbs, doesn't take him much to drive to work.
The fengshui of the tombs for ancestors can be related to the fortune of the later generations.
It was a common practice to order mooncakes by instalment payment in advance so as to reduce the burden of purchasing mooncakes once and for all.
Just been unemployed, he has come across an accident. Multiple misfortunes happen to him.
Don't bother me anymore, I won't come back to be with you.
Sorry for bothering, it's my first time visiting your home. Here's a small gift for you.
That gal is so sexy, just thinking about her gives me an erection.
The police placed a million dollar bounty on that fugitive's head, he must be a most-wanted.
This morning I had a headache, so I took 2 tablets of aspirin.
After Beyond disbanded, many fans wanted them to have a reunion show.
She doesn't drink. Don't force her.
Instead of discussing whether trams should be abolished, why not scrap the plans for the high speed rail first?
After his divorce, he let himself go and now drinks every day.
On this section of the road, the speed limit lowers sharply from 80 to 50km/h. Many drivers carelessly get speeding photos taken by the roadside speeding detector.
He's very generous; he gave each of us a gold pen as a Christmas gift.
Rather than wallowing self-pity, let's turn your grief into strength.
I haven't seen you for a while and you already look much more successful, what lucurative business have you got yourself into?
Having divorced her husband, she is now living alone.
Sir, I'm sorry but I'm afraid your signature does not match our records, would you please sign again?
I thought I could get away with the system failure, but the problem was exposed by the department next door.
It's just a tabloid, why would you expect them to have journalistic ethics?
Wing's room is so untidy that it looks like a dump.
It's not just cats and dogs, but also birds that are popular pets.
After MTR-KCR merger, the interchange has been easier than before.
Those who work in this field need to keep an eye on the stock market all the time; it is not for the faint of heart.
The clock is five minutes slow. Please set it to the correct time when you're free. Thanks!
Pigsties stink... I can smell it even though I am far away from them!
Please pardon my bluntness. I spoke without thinking.
Hand, foot, and mouth disease broke out in the kindergarten in which my son is studying. Classes are suspended.
Winning this boss fight is a piece of cake. Just keep pressing the attack button, and he will run out of hit points soon.
He is so ridiculous that no one even bothers to explain what is happening to him.
Whether he's married or not has nothing to do with you. Don't be so nosy.
He's so unfortunate and you're still mocking him. How cruel can you be!
This office is soul crushing. In goes an aspiring graduate, out comes a brownnosing wageslave.
I heard rumours of his resignation, do you believe it?
How could you make the business break even with just a few customers?
Work harder, don't give me crap, OK?
I know him! Wherever Mr Siu goes he is always following around.
Ip Man knocked down ten japs in a blink of an eye.
Since you are going to graduate soon, you should start looking for a job.
In the period of SARS, the unselfish devoutness of the medical staff was very moving.
On top of the one-year manufacturer's warranty, the store tacks on warrant from their own repair centres of their customer as well.
A family each month miscellaneous items' expenses is not small!
They are identical twins. Of course they look the same.
Hong Kong action movies were famous in the world for the vast quantity and a strong sense of reality.
This measure is simply ineffective. The problem remains unsolved despite the time put in.
On holidays I like travelling to the seaside to watch waves splashing on rocks.
Those feng-shui guys speak as if they were talking about solid, hard facts, but then after half an hour of that, they put up a disclaimer saying it's not a precise science! They want to be make bold claims but aren't willing to risk their reputation!
The travelling distance between Tin Shui Wai and Chai Wan is very long. Just rest for a while if you are tired.
He devoted himself to saving SARS patients, but ultimately he himself succumbed in the line of duty.
Dude, her boobs are so small that they would look the same even if she wore a messenger bag!
An ordinary man can't possibly resist the unusual charm of Scarlett Johansson.
You'd better make it quick if you are breaking up with someone.
They two almost went into a fight. Luckily, I pulled one of them apart.
The kids are running in the classroom like a bunch of loose string monkeys.
There is a music CD in the book, which allows you to listen to music while reading.
I was initially unaware of the excess change, but later I went back to return the money.
The athlete who has the most gold medals in the Olympic Games to date is Michael Phelps. He himself has won eighteen gold medals.
Lands in southern China are fertile and suitable for planting rice.
It doesn't seem very good for you to hastily argue with others without knowing what's happening.
Why don't you have LASIK? You don't need to wear glasses anymore after having it.
When the cold current hits Hong Kong, the temperature will drop to five degrees Celsius.
I'm a love expert, winning many girls' hearts — when I'm dreaming.
You exerted a lot of effort for our fund-raising programme, we are really grateful to you.
Hong Kong is a city where Chinese and Western cultures are mixed together.
Are you looking for a fight? I'm not scared of you.
He really nitpicks. Everybody is afraid of him.
How can I ever repay your kindness.
The newly built water park is suitable for whole families.
I said I didn't want any snacks, but at last he still shoved a packet of chocolate biscuits to me.
The teaching materials are forever changing so we can't use old books, it costs a lot more!
The government is worried that the people would revolt, so it banned all public gatherings.
Hong Kong government reinforced the quarantine measures after SARS.
It's quite unsafe lately. Don't come home late at night.
If you use different color folders to store data from different categories, that will help you to not get things mixed up.
He wasn't even aware of the fact that the same could be said of his fellow party members with regards to his blanket criticisms.
I just made a misstep and nearly fell off the stairs. Luckily I grabbed the handrail so I am fine now.
He is so poor that he hasn't a penny. How can he lend you money?
As a civil servant, you have to consider the citizen's rights and interests.
My company runs foreign exchange business, every day I would have millions of dollars pass through my hands, but that means nothing, you can not take a penny from them, like a boat people's chicken sees water, you can just have a look.
In 2018, Microsoft sank a data centre under the sea.
He asked for a loan then had you delivered the money to him, what a god damn trouble.
I didn't force him at all. He stayed and worked overtime of his own free will.
The hotel's operator was just going through the motions. He completely ignored my questions.
Don't feel offended. He just made everything too explicit.
Once she ascended to power, sweeping reforms followed.
He hasn't paid attention to the traffic just now, and almost went to check in at Yama king's court.
A shirt? Why not this? You can always look fit in it.
You'd better be aware of others. The world outside is complicated.
He softened his tone after realizing that he had no bargaining chips left.
Hi-tech business goes south, low-tech business goes north.
On Thursdays, I start counting down to the weekend.
Many people are queuing up to buy strawberry ice-cream.
For buying flats, location comes first, location second, and location third.
Don't feel arrogant for being the 1st in class. There are plenty of schoolmates smarter than you.
He thinks the job is too exhausting, so he quit it.
I can't imagine why anyone could behave so cruelly.
This area is strategically significant, both sides will pour everything they have to seize control.
The councilor, upon his election, thanked his demographic for their support in the election.
The government plans to raise the recycling rate of glass bottles gradually.
Give your ID card number and get a new mobile free? That's too good to be true. Mind your personal information being misappropriated.
He is such a girl. He does facial treatments at home all the time, and he buys a lot of skin care products.
The war eventually ended, and the livelihood of citizens resumed.
Alone in a foreign place and not getting his way, he was once hopeless and felt that life held nothing for him.
I will summarise the outcomes that we have discussed during today's meeting.
That book isn't important. If you've lost it, just forget about it.
Ah-wai has always been passionate about music.
The stock market fell drastically, but now it's on rise again.
When there're too many pronouns in one sentence, it's easy to mix up who's who.
You always call me in the midnight, and that really annoys me.
Silt should be cleared regularly from the canal. Otherwise, it may flood otherwise.
It would be a fault to let you lead the team, you are often overcautious, if you can't show some confidence, how can you convince teammates to follow your order?
You take a loaded gun pointing at me, then you say you won't hurt me. Are you silly?
Decongestants usually induce temporary vasoconstriction of blood vessels in the nose in order to relieve nasal congestion due to hyperemia.
We are giving nice souvenirs to our members.
He is an upper tier. He receives a share if his subordinates strike a deal.
He's only got 80 marks in the exam. That's not as impressive as one might think.
The street are deserted in the early morning.
We should follow the good example of him and be a well-disciplined student.
You have promised me you will get into university. You must keep this promise!
The ingredient is commonly found and available in supermarkets.
I will come clean with her once and for all when I break up with her tomorrow.
There are only a huge bed and a nightstand in his room.
You chatter all the time today, has any good thing happened?
The government will review the charges to see whether subsidies are being used correctly.
This shop specialises in very high-class stuff that common people can hardly afford.
Those two middle-aged women chat endlessly whenever they meet.
Every participant will receive a souvenir after finishing the competition.
Aside from forward, what other positions do you usually play on the football team?
I don't know how to use the email. Fax me the document later please.
Little Sing would rather do tomorrow's homework in advance, so that he can play longer tomorrow.
He has already saved the particulars of all employees to file.
Despite having lived for decades, I have never been on a holiday on my own before.
You only have two feet. Why are you buying so many shoes?
Electricity and water supply on average cost a household two dollars a month.
I receive 1000 faxes every month, and 900 of which are advertisments.
This child is so shy; he doesn't dare to greet anyone.
It is cheaper to drill for oil on land than at sea.
I took some water sample from my place to a laboratory for testing.
After a victory that comes at a great cost, the whole country needs reconstruction.
He was behaving in the prison and was granted an earlier release.
He approaches you every day, merely for the purpose of being closer to you.
I have already done all exam papers in the past 10 years, still not enough?
This tennis master unwillingly accepted the 1st runner-up in the championship.
These days my brother repeatedly had pneumothorax and needed to admit to the hospital. Finally he had to undergo pleurodesis.
Cantonese has retained many features of Middle Chinese, but also slightly resembled the languages of Baiyue peoples.
He is of a fickle mind so his words cannot be rightly trusted.
This book explains Einstein's profound theory of relativity in such an approachable way that even readers with relatively little background in physics will find it possible to understand.
We have to finish the meal quickly, the restaurant is closing soon.
You guys have no discipline, how can you be part of the disciplined services?
He is still facing three charges, but it is still a good thing that he was released on bail.
He/she has determined to devote herself to the society at this young age. Very aspiring!
An administrative agency should have high transparency.
He was so absorbed in his book that he didn't even notice me when I came in the room.
The popular culture of Hong Kong has appeared for only a few decades.
All Mr. Chan talks about is money; he has no self-restraint. It's insufferable!
He burst into tears when he read the obituary of his teacher.
After being shouted at by his mother, he returns to his room in frustration.
Einstein is a famous physicist of the 20th century.
Even though she's my close friend, I still couldn't help rejoicing at the fact that, she's now so severely sick and no one is going to compete with me over the leading role.
Whether you can overcome this hardship or not this time depends on your luck.
Exercising the right amount, aside from strengthening our bodies, can also eliminate fatigue.
How could he dance in public naked? He really doesn't care how the others see him.
It is hard to imagine that the murderer used strong acid to melt the body and destroy all the traces.
He hopes to take the gold of this tournament
Some suggested that code-mixing between Chinese and English would hinder a child's language development.
He's playing fool, pretending that he doesn't know anything.
This board is badly installed and tilts to the right hand side.
The word "saat3 fo1" is a film term. It means that the final scene has been shot.
The first day as a teacher, I encountered some really naughty students. The situation was hectic and embarrassing.
So much delicious food on the table, so few stomachs I have.
Sounds of screams and cries came from all directions.
There are 30000 visitors to the Disneyland every day.
If the architectural design is changed, all other parties need to follow them to change their design.
I saw her medical record. Her heart disease was inherited from her family.
You did such horrible things. I can't understand what was going through your head.
Even now he does not cheat, he may still cease to be faithful one day.
He has a crush on you? It can't be. He hasn't greeted you ever, how come so?
A: Shall we have a great Christmas meal? B: Great!
White bread is a kind of refined foods. It is not healthy.
May I ask if the head of household is here? We have some issues about this house we want to discuss with him/her.
This piece of news is so sensitive that the Editor-in-chief forbids it from going public!
As you claimed they are not your fellow travelers, then why are you planning to hold a primary?
After the death of the dictator, there was a tangled fight for power among the generals.
Never call a Vietnamese person "bắt đầu từ nay" again. It was a dark part of their country's history.
His explanation is way too simple. I find it hard to agree.
It is true that he has done horrible things, but after all he is your father, and he deserves your forgiveness.
You know I like her, and put me on blast about meeting her "by chance". How embarrassing!
I have absolutely no interest in knowing which celebrity is dating or breaking up with someone.
You are gonna break your backpack by stuffing so many books into it.
In order to evade paparazzi at the airport, they chose to catch the morning flight to Bangkok.
We are going to have an afternoon tea at The Peninsula, are you joining us?
The design of this new product is from his idea.
Parents should teach their children correct financial management concepts.
I have no time playing lovebird.
What? How on earth is a secondary school kid participating in professional tournaments?
He was originally from a wealthy family, but the family fortunes declined, so now he works as a taxi driver.
If you pass the exam, then I buy you a present.
Come on! You're not choosing a husband. Tell me what you want to eat!
At that time, the intellectuals worrying about national affairs and people's sufferings hoped to find a solution to save the country.
I only eat little. You don't have to order a lot later when we have dinner.
Don't press me for an answer anymore, I won't tell you.
The U.S. suspected that Iraq had stockpiled a large number of chemical weapons in one of its northern towns.
You help me to set a side light please, that will bring a better effect for the photo.
This toy is inappropriate for children three years old or less.
Nobody expected he would do something like this.
After 1997, the dancing and horse racing will continue as before in Hong Kong.
He said he hadn't stolen your wallet. But now we have solid evidence, so he can't fool anyone anymore.
My phone is dead. Give me your portable charger.
After a few years in jail, Siu Ming eventually turns over a new leaf.
The time is now 2:35 p.m.
There is no rubbish bin at all, but everywhere is equally clean.
He concentrates and takes a closer look, the words jumps and leaps on his piece of paper.
I greeted her this morning but she ignored me.
Under the guidance of teachers, students performed very well in the public examination.
How can you use vermicelli to replace shark fin!
I am so stiff and inflexible that the yoga moves are too difficult for me.
Why the long face? The stock market crashed today. I hope you don't have any stocks?
It's you who are wrong. You have to be meek and subservient.
They managed to lost such a large piece of cargo in transit? I am at a loss for words.
Women nowadays prefer to be business women rather than housewives.
Ming is family-oriented, attentive, and talented as well as handsome. To top it off, he has a successful career. He is the ultimate eligible bachelor in the eyes of many women.
To be born, to age, to be sick and to die are all that humans must experience.
We are glad to have Mr.Chan the principal here to join our interview section.
The younger generations excel the older, for the times they are a-changing.
This article is a mess; I can't identify the central motif.
People lived in affluence in the period of this king's rule.
After Hong City Telecom has raised the service fee, CCP Mobile followed it today and announced to rise rates from next Monday.
this article is controversial, I should see how people comment on this later.
Those clothes strewing on the sofa are so displeasing.
I have been using this package of washing powder for six months. It's quite economical.
His mother is an illiterate, so she needs others' help to reply to his letters.
Winning the last round with the Thirteen Orphans! No coming back for you, guys.
We have to probe the adversaries' background details in order to win every time.
Why did you go around with those shady characters?
The only thing I want to buy in this shop is not for sale.
He was elevated to a prestigious but powerless position after offending the chairman.
I see a key on the floor, what should I do next?
Although he is the boss, he is very easy-going.
Bargaining is common in business appointments.
She suddenly could not breathe shortly after a flight. Only at the hospital did she know she had a pulmonary embolism.
His memory of the time he got burnt has already faded.
She wears heavy make-up, but her laugh lines are still very visible.
He looks very young and doesn't look like 40 years old at all.
Baby, should we go to Stanley for a date tomorrow?
The cat stole my fish in a flash! How hateful it is!
His behavior did not involve any criminal element, the police refused to investigate.
Hey, didn't you say last night that you bought some puzzles to do at home? How are you doing so far?
He is your senior and, in other words, our group leader.
The director gather the troops to shoot the next episode of this film.
They finally broke up after having been together for three years.
We went through the exit of Ocean Park with reluctance.
The army's tanks broke through enemy lines and entered the city.
I heard that that blood bank is running out of blood, so I went to donate some.
He was dragged to a dark corner and beaten up badly.
I couldn't hear what you said. Can you repeat it?
This is a winding path. It's easy to get lost on it.
Her slutty nature makes her boyfriend decide to break up with her.
She spends half an hour to put on her makeup before marching off to work every morning.
I am almost 90 years old and you still say I am young, how flattering.
I have met him once before, I should be able to recognise when I see him later today.
Chairman, since Councillor Lau hasn't arrived here yet, I request to adjourn the meeting for 15 minutes.
I like creme brulee, rather than baked sago and mashed lotus seed pudding.
This TV show has had such a high audience rating over the years only because of him.
This is the last batch of this product, you'd better buy it quickly, or you will miss the last chance.
My mum only gives me $50 as pocket money each week.
This shampoo doesn't irritate the eyes. It's good for babies.
The summer break lasts for two entire months only for school.
You should wear the seatbelt during takeoff and landing.
The grandchild always has his grandma to back him up, turns out he barely listens to his parents now.
Grandmother is very old. She needs someone holding her arm to cross the road.
I've been working so hard in the company, but the manager has decided to dismiss me?
The elderly people do not get used to checking the electronic bills, the banks therefore issue them a passbook for their record.
Did you know it's disgusting that you don't clean up your runny nose mess?
Please calculate the profits our company has made this month.
There're all sorts of people in that bar. I heard a triad boss frequents that place.
To slow down the rise of flat prices, the government has established a new policy on extra stamp duty.
This book is too complicated, let me read some guidance first.
The most attractive part of this celebrity is her beautiful and attractive lips.
This essay is long and wordy. It's a bad example for writing.
His English must be excellent after studying abroad for so many years.
This transaction is very likely to fail. You'd better stay away from it.
According to the basic principle of first aid, checking safety of environment is the very first thing to do.
I think red-white-blue bag is a symbol of Hong Kong folk culture.
We are friends, of course I'll help you. It's not a big deal.
The student union is entrusted with the money, but they pay their own karaoke bill with students' money.
If he shows signs of vomiting, he must see the doctor immediately.
This thermal flask use vacuum glass inner chamber, really good at keeping warm.
That party votes "aye", "nay" and "abstain" on the same issue. It is really schizophrenic!
That athlete is disqualified in the competition as he used banned drugs.
This story embodies a profound truth.
He broke up with his girlfriend and has been depressed for a few months.
I did not want to wake my family up by making any noise, so I pulled the gate gently.
All countries' people are entitled to fishing on international waters.
Ah-ming is always arrogant, so he is hated by everyone. He has no friends in class.
Without a tripod to support the cam? My hand may have kept shaking a lot.
He can't stop his hiccup. Is there any way to help him?
They don't get along well. Why would they want to hang on to the relationship?
Why are you online all the time, like you don't need to sleep?
I want to eat less carbohydrates. So I am not going to eat rice.
It is not good for Siu-ming being depressed all the time, why don't we go and open up his heart to cheer him up?
Is this laptop enough for my child to do homework?
Ka-hong's mum kept advising him to study hard but he didn't follow her. Now he regrets.
Her husband is a male chauvinist. He doesn't allow her to find a job.
You will take care of the baby. Just leave the rest to me.
Knowledge from school is difficult to apply in daily lives.
You give a sweet smile when you see him. Don't you have a crush on him?
People fall for money borrowing scams every now and then. The trick is old, but it works.
I've got many baby outfits. I'll take some of them to you next time.
Although Auntie Ha is not my biological mother, she has been taking care of me since I was a child. I thank her so much.
More money, more problems. Once they got famous there was more gossip.
The situation in Thailand is now turbulent. Don't go sightseeing right now.
This man is really good at fishing, he has caught almost a dozen fishes!
He has been skipping classes for no reasons for three days; when he comes back to school, he will certainly be heavily penalized.
The dress is in free size. It doesn't has large size.
The defendant was jealous of the victim's popularity and it was his motive to kill.
He's an orphan. He grew up in the orphanage.
My friend is an insurance agent, you can find him if you want to buy an insurance.
The ways of communication can affect the duration of a relationship.
We went to Ocean Park's Halloween Haunted Mansion two days ago. A fake zombie scared A-chung so much that he wet himself.
They have assembled a suicide squad of a couple dozen people from the retreating forces to buy time for the retreat of the main force.
My success today should be regarded as the favour from heaven.
"What is this thing?" "This is a mobile phone."
My mum goes vegetarian on the first and fifteenth days of each lunar month.
Every Sunday, there are a lot of Filipino maids in Central.
He acts like a madman, I wonder if he's really mad or not.
He pretty much does nothing but stands there or walks aimlessly. That doesn't help much.
The ratio of male and female students in this school is one to three.
The meeting has to be cancelled since many people did not show up.
this guy can't pay for the meal so he is throwing tantrums around !
It's you who jumped the queue. Why are you accusing me?
You have three years' experience. That means you can apply for a wide range of job vacancies.
The briefness of the entering tones is caused by the stop codas -p, -t and -k.
The Christmas lighting ceremony would be held in Tsim Sha Tsui.
"Cageman" is a famous film in Hong Kong on a topic about cage homes.
I was unlucky last year. I hope I will be lucky this year.
We need time for consideration regarding cooperation with other institutions to publish the special issue.
When he arrives, we can have a chat about this matter.
The pipe is a bit clogged. You should get a plumber to fix it.
Many people wear shorts, but why, when you do, are you like a shabby, middle-aged man?
His background was checked up before he came to work in this company.
As the common saying goes, if the cow isn't drinking water, there's no way you can push its head down.
He would give vent to his anger by beating his wife.
As various countries thirst for talents, skilled migrants should have no worries about future prospects.
Presidents from all over the world call to congratulate the birth of the royal baby.
Where can I get change for large notes? I want to break this 100-dollar note into five 20-dollar notes.
They resemble each other very much, I might have mistaken them as sisters.
I have to go to toilet to poop, can you help me to look after the stuff?
I think my piano skills have plateaued, there's no point in continuing to practice.
The stars in the night sky are innumerable and so bright.
Let me go to the toilet of a restaurant nearby beforehand.
Why are the guys you hired all slovenly and dispirited? How can they match up with the spectacle?
You are really shameless! How can you act as if you have done nothing?
He goes all around lifting up girls' skirts. He really needs a beating.
Coaches often park along the streets of tourist attractions and cause traffic jams.
She likes documentary photography and captures reality through the lens.
Just follow the plan and put all the display boards in the right positions, then it'll be ok.
He has a master's degree. How can he not know a word like this?
We got no news so far. I'm afraid they might be dead.
I am of seniority, albeit younger than you.
There is a recreation space at the atrium in the Blue House Cluster for people to take a rest.
She showed great sportsmanship at mahjong. Even when her opponent kept declaring false wins, she still kept her calm.
After multiple renovations, this mansion finally returns to its former glory.
No one wears white canvas shoes nowadays! You'd be laughed at if you wore white canvas shoes to a date with a girl.
If you didn't say anything then I regarded that you let the matter be. Don't mention it anymore.
He has taken upon the burden of feeding his family at such a young age.
Congratuations sir, you won a prize! When would be a convenient time for you to come over to our office to pick it up?
It's better to stay indoors when there's danger outside.
My driver is on-call all the time, so we can go anywhere today.
Some say electric toothbrushes are better at cleaning.
The car suddenly rushed onto the sidewalk, injuring a woman.
Many households no longer use traditional mops. They now use mopping robots.
It's so tough to be in this romantic relationship, why don't you just break it off brightly and clearly.
Your nephew is so cute that I want to pinch his face.
He always competes with people, what a competitive guy.
Stick some wallpaper onto the wall to make it look less monotonic.
1970s is the golden age of Cantopop.
Her husband has just passed away, I fear that she is unable to accept it and will commit suicide.
The shoeboxes take up too much space. Throw them away if you don't need them.
Ah Ming gets fat easily - even he only eats a tiny helping of food.
Enjoying a delicious home-cooked meal made specially for me after getting back home, how lucky I am!
The girls in the table next to us are commenting on the boys opposite.
I have been patient with you. I reminded you again and again. It turns out that you still do not remember.
I can attest that he was playing Mahjong with us yesterday for the whole evening. How could he have gone off to steal anything?
She wore a lot of makeup as if she were disguising.
My son is a bookworm, reading is his favorite activity.
Many ancient intellectuals had their own study rooms.
This matter is none of my business. In fact, I already resigned.
The average dose of natural background radiation exposed to a normal human on earth is 2.4 millisieverts per year.
He has a clear mind and is efficient to work. Every task assigned to him can be finished in no time.
Grandma loves you so much that she would grant your every wish.
Look, there is still a lot of dust at the dark corner in the room, sweep it away!
I am a regular customer of this bakery, they make nice cookies.
When the match has reached overtime, that vanguard has penetrated layers and layers of heavy defences, driving right into the goal. It really was a dire moment.
I know there's a problem, but I don't know what to do about it.
After he was promoted, he treated everybody in the company a dinner! How generous!
You are already an adult. You can't act arbitrarily and recklessly anymore.
A: "Bye, mom." B: "Goodbye, my daughter, take care of yourself."
Don't be so fearful, just a little sound you don't need to intimidated.
After the scandal of using of fake materials was exposed, no one wants the products of this brand anymore.
He is obviously trying to disgrace me, I am rightfully angry.
Please do yourself a favor and stay in bed, your surgical wound hasn't fully healed up yet.
With the advent of mobile phones, fewer and fewer people jot notes in notepads.
Don't be kicking the basketball, it's going to get all lumpy.
Eager for jobs, many candidates aim at a batch of openings and send a batch of application letters, in hope of reply to any of them.
Police officers are required to produce their warrant cards when performing their duties.
He has strengthened his training in preparation for next month's open.
Thick clouds hang heavy in the sky, promising rain.
The film cassette has been opened and over-exposed, such that all the images have disappeared.
He is a master sportsman. He is good at every sports, such as football and swimming.
My boss talks too much. Meetings never finish within three hours.
I chose this place only because it's close by. This restaurant isn't particularly good.
Some people believe that a lawyer should marry a doctor to make a perfect match!
He doesn't take his responsibility, so he can't keep every job for a long time.
Is the ministry of finance capable of handling the unprecedented financial crisis?
Around a thousand soldiers were killed in this war.
Washing the floor with diluted bleaching agents can kill bacteria and deodorize a place.
Doing this is not worth such a sum of money.
He was disqualified for violating the rules of the game.
No one's been able to crack this fifteen-year-old case.
Our village has a long history that can be traced back to 800 years ago.
Do you know why you got a naught in the exam? You are reading comics all the time.
Correct feeding practices is important for the milk secretion.
You shouldn't worry too much at work, just do it with guts and speed.
This losing team is often defeated overwhelmingly by their opponents.
Other competitors in the industry have started doing online PR. We cannot be complacent anymore.
This murderer wants to kill the only witness at the scene.
How come you scratch all the time? Put some moisture lotion on your skin if it is dry.
Recently, there were some elderly people designing a Chinese typeface. That's so cool.
This robot can recognise the voice of its master.
The food that the hawkers sell in the streets is unhygienic.
Competition from Shenzhen is greatly affecting the revenue of local retail businesses.
My account was banned earlier for using a fake name.
Many people with broad perspective and insight disagreed with the government's plan to build the third airport runway.
Protestors marched to the gates of China's Liaison Office.
We are delighted to announce the launch of our website in English!
He refuses to use air conditioning even when it is 28 degrees, and instead insists on staying calm to stay cool.
You always pick up the bill. Be thrifty!
Man's strength is very insignificant when compared to that of nature.
The teacher didn't rearrange our seats according to our heights at all! Being the shortest in our class, I have to sit at the back that I couldn't even see the blackboard.
Originally since the game was 2:0 at half-time, everybody thought it was hopeless. But with their effort, they finally made a tie with 3:3.
Don't always play computer games, try enrolling in learning courses and upgrade yourself.
According to the penal laws in this country, he was judged to be put in jail for ten years.
She just broke up and is in a bad mood, so she decided to take a vacation to Australia to cheer herself up.
I'm not feeling very well. I'd better call in sick and have some rest at home.
He is smart, he won't get cheated that easily .
Most of the highest mountains in the world are located in Nepal.
Who would buy your house if you don't decorate it better?
How many minutes does it take to boil water until it's safe to drink?
Many friends sent us flower baskets to celebrate the opening of our new shop.
If we still can't think of where to eat, we'll go with Mickey D's.
Her eyes glow when she sees the stack of banknotes. Anyone can tell how greedy she is!
He was previously straight. I have no idea when he has become homosexual.
He knows nothing and you should not vent your anger to him.
I ordered coffee, but why is it tasteless?
Every year during New Year's visits, my clueless relatives always ask me, "So, how much do you make now?"
That machine is totally out of order. No one can fix it.
So many young people are angry at the government. The governing body should include these young people.
Our boss is bald, therefore we avoid using any word that may rhyme with it.
She is quite edgy today. Maybe she's on period?
Don't eat so much offal if you have gout.
Oh no, I've broken dad's camera!
God would punish those who often intimidate others in God's name.
He's like a snake. He's got literally no backbone and he's always leaning on one thing or another.
He knew his father was seriously ill, so he rushed back without stopping from overseas to be at his father's death bed.
Many people think that EAS saves them money and a year of time. But there are a few who didn't admit via EAS, but sat in HKALE and further studied abroad.
I thought he was an unfriendly person, but after getting to know him, I realize that he's actually quite nice.
Extra digits can come in various forms. Some are Y-shaped, some are similar sized as the other digits, while some look like an extra bit of flesh.
So, this recording has been transcribed already. Should I listen to the recording again and proofread the transcript?
The pig skin is too soft and not chewy at all. Fail!
The department head is cornered by legislators for the lead-water scandal. He won't be able to weasel out of this one.
Don't think that nobody can hear you whispering to each other. It's being recorded by the mic.
Those old pricks are always bossing people around, without actually knowing how to do stuff!
Those stupid frontline police officers still don't realise that they are about to become "condoms".
People who are used to type on a computer will type very slowly on a typewriter.
Son, mum is going out! Watch the house for me!
I think eating ice-cream and having a nice masturbation are great ways to relieve stress.
Hey silly girl, you can't use correction fluid as nail polish.
This selection is only reserved for frequent customers.
Please have an eye on him for me and tell me instantly if anything occurs.
Coffee, milk tea, lemon tea, etc. We serve all these common drinks here.
She is not getting along well with her lover recently.
The page view of the website is quite high, which is why it is full of advertisement.
I met a Japanese friend on the net. He's very nice.
Please bring me this applicant's file.
Stop dawdling! You're going to be late! Have you done dawdling yet?
Relax, and you will get better naturally.
After the government finds out the pipes in the estate are contaminated by lead, they open a few public water taps for residents to obtain fresh water.
Retirement at the best time of one's career can keep the best impression in people's mind.
The reservoir is so dried up that I can see the cracks at the bottom.
The insurance company refused to insure her because she has diabetes.
He's so bad at making predictions. You'll always succeed if you go the opposite way as him.
We can enjoy many delicacies by simply attending a banquet.
The rapid development of the city brings a drastic change.
The most valuable and unforgettable moment of my life is when he confessed his love to me at the beach.
Different value systems can coexist, even in the same society.
How terrible! You got pregnant before getting married?
Don't eat too much roe. It's not good for health.
My grandpa and dad lived long. Both of them lived up to ninety years old.
The rock star tutors at this tutorial centre all make a million dollars a week.
Typhoon Nida is approaching Hong Kong. The Hong Kong Observatory has announced that the No. 8 tropical cyclone signal will be issued within two hours.
A-chung, you will be A-ming's partner today.
This report is neither thorough nor truthful. Does it intend to conceal the facts and put us off the scent?
To watch Teochew opera, of course you need to use the Teochew language to truly taste the culture!
Please do bring an extra coat for your skiing trip.
Her movements are graceful and transcendent to the maximum possible extent.
It's useless to stand your ground, why don't you concede, apologize to the big brother and hope he will go easy on you.
It is no use for begging and pleading to me, I'm not the one in charge.
Giant is so strong that he sent Nobita flying with a punch.
The cooker switch of the electric water heater is not working. There is no light even the switch is on.
So they do behave in a disgusting manner and drink the urine of male virgins?
This article is precisely and concisely written. Read a few more times if you have time.
He looks so untamed, don't fantasize him as some kind of sweet nice boyfriend.
I saw them having a secret chat in a cafe that day. There must be something fishy behind them.
I have thought of 3 feasible ways of execution regarding this project.
Artistes in Cantonese opera should be encouraged to train young talents so that Cantonese opera can be passed on.
It's very cold. I have to wear a pair of socks even indoors.
I've spent two whole weeks in total to finish the assignment.
What a great feeling it is to be truly loved.
Pregnant and so clumsy, you shouldn't go here and there all the time - ask your maid to do it for you.
A Symphony of Lights is an outdoor multi-media show with a myriad of searchlights, lasers, LED screens and lighting illumination.
The height of this person should be 1.8 m by my own visual inspection.
Our school magazine invites articles once between January and March.
I don't even know a single question in today's exam. I must fail the test!
We were halfway from home when we realised we'd forgotten the keys.
Every summer, we retreat to the seaside, away from summer heat.
Winning is not the most important thing in playing sports. It's sportsmanship, that is, never give up.
It is the first time that the school exempted students from conducting admission interviews.
Self-combed women was a sign of anti-feudalism.
She has been married for ten years but still hasn't got a child, so she adopted one.
He just pretends to be dumb. Save your breath.
The world is ever-changing, no one knows what will happen next.
How old are you? Why are you immature like this?
I've eaten so much. I have to loosen my belt.
Please give me some change, I need to take bus later.
Her husband is a rich man, she finds the right person!
These days, some people claim themselves as KOLs just because they shoot a video.
This is not a fruit knife, fetch me another one.
Hope that our friendship can last long.
Some people believe that the spirit of a person still exists after he or she has died.
Be a scoundrel before being a gentleman—we have to clearly state the ground rules first.
My nephew comes first in class every year. He is really good at studying.
There's a common saying, "taking a break allows us to walk even further."
They arrived at the Hong Kong International Airport at nine o'clock this morning.
What the X! You've stained my new clothes!
Hong Kong Brands and Products Expo is a large expo of local products.
There are no more white tiles out there. Why are you waiting for it to complete your hand?
Did you hear that? Quick, start the security system.
In the gathering of intelligence, our country would use whatever means necessary.
He left before the transfer of sovereignty in 1997, but come back afterwards, and he is now leaving again.
He just left a minute ago, didn't you run across him?
Your table is so messy, when will you tidy it up?
Everyone plays various roles in their daily lives.
Just let bygones be bygones. Let's be friends again.
You have stolen money from the company? Are you dumb or what?
He hurts his leg, so he hobbles along the road.
There're food stalls everywhere in Taiwan. I bet I'll gain 10 pounds if I go there for a week.
The geography of Hong Kong is suitable for being a trading port.
A thief broke into his home last night and stole a few thousand dollars.
She is still happy even she is tied up; she must be a masochist.
Escalating geopolitical risks have made the share market plummet.
He just does whatever he wants. If he randomly doesn't want to be with you anymore, just say "let's break up" and that's all.
I picked up my piano skills again when I grew up.
I can't believe that after not seeing you for so long, you hadn't experienced much change.
Go play outside and don't interrupt my work!
The Kwun Tong Line Extension railway will run wholly underground.
Being in this business for long makes me feel bored, may be it is time to wash my hands and quit.
Ten million dollars is just a small sum of money to him.
I hired you to do accounting for me, not to go on Facebook!
I only made a small mistake, is it necessarily to keep scolding me by list all my previous faults?
Not only do I get up early but also have to serve my husband's mother every morning.
After being a believer in Christianity for twenty years, she was determined to leave the religion.
We have to maintain our leading position in the advertising industry.
You left the whole table of food not eaten, it is so wasteful that you should beware of suffering from divine retribution.
I hope everyone can stay tough when facing ups and downs.
His parents dislike his girlfriend and are forcing him to break up with her.
She often seems to be angry with the entire world that she's so bitch-faced.
Being a cop requires one to pass the strict recruitment examination and have a clear family background for three generations. However, the salary was still low.
No worries, we still have plenty of time left.
As a mechanic, always having a spanner with me is only logical.
This father actually hit his son in public.
You occupy an important post in the company. If you want others to be convinced by you, remember to be just and unselfish.
In the authorities' view, "to reclaim / recover" implies that China admits "unequal treaties", which is less politically correct than "to resume exercise of sovereignty".
If I don't reply, that means I am not free. Don't call me.
I heard, with my own ears, that the boss is giving us a raise next month.
As he did not do his revision before the exam, it's not others' problem that he fails.
I didn't know that this lawyer is a distinguished disciple of Barrister Chan! No wonder he performed so outstandingly in court.
Deleting information on historical textbooks is equivalent of depriving history of its essential parts.
There're only 30 seconds till the competition ends! Hurry!
I've told you not to do it this way! Now we have great troubles!
Her name is Amy but I don't know her surname.
Tourists should buy an travel insurance before departure.
That bad boy isn't coming home for dinner again! For God's sake!
As the government has still not made any announcement, the residents has no way but to protect themselves and stay away from the location of the incident.
I worked so hard to write a proposal for you. Why won't you read it?
Candidate 10 enjoyed widespread support and was crowned Miss Hong Kong.
You broke up my family -- I swear I will take revenge!
They are both claiming the reason high ground, and it would be imprudent for me, an outsider to interject.
That guy has been sizing us up for some time. Does he have malicious intentions?
The thief who committed many robberies in Kowloon is now under arrest.
My extended families saw me eating in Yoshinoya alone. It is really embarrassing.
He overpowered his own boss and took her position.
His homework was eaten by a dog, and cannot be recovered no matter how loud he swore.
He did not even take a quick look when I passed by. How could he be interested in me?
I envy you of your homemade food, I am so fed up with takeouts.
I was at a job interview today and has endured a neck-breaking wait for the interviewer.
As long as you speak and write in Cantonese daily, you are welcome to join our editorial team no matter where you are.
Shipyards in Hong Kong were among the best in Southeast Asia.
The new Hong Kong International Airport at Chek Lap Kok officially opened in 1998.
You need to be mindful of the tree. If you're not, the kite is going to get stuck.
Although Grandpa is old, he is not old and stupid, don't try to cheat him!
You can't place a bet for the horse race with the app outside Hong Kong.
He's sweating and tremulous; seems like he's in severe withdrawal. Should we send him to the hospital?
It's based on mutual consent. Otherwise it won't happen.
When I was small, our whole family lived in a partitioned flat.
She studied pharmacy at the university. I always saw that she had to memorise the mechanisms, effects and side-effects of medications.
I think the attitude of studying is more important than the school you are in. Not every student from prestigious schools gets good results.
This losing team is often defeated overwhelmingly by their opponents.
All I do in the whole summer vocation is to idle.
I believe that many people are 'frightened' by the Chinese wine without a specific reason since China is infamous for fake food and wine.
The crooked coastline is one of Hong Kong's geographical characteristics.
I spent a lot of money today - I bought myself a new handbag, a dress, a pair of shoes and a watch.
If you don't have any appetite, try some pickled plums! They are quite appetising.
He stepped on the management's tail a year ago, now they are settling the score by booting him abroad as a thankless pioneer.
She talks about her boyfriend intentionally. It feels like she is afraid that we don't know she's in a relationship.
Trap-neuter-return is a usual way to control the population of stray animals.
The goods have been delivered, but the money has yet to be collected.
Screw you! Stop saying nasty things, otherwise I'll sue you for sexual harassment!
In 1984, China and the United Kingdom signed a joint declaration.
We cannot miss the chance this time. We gotta make it.
You look so dull today, did you sleep well last night?
I will go to a dinner gathering with my colleagues tonight, so I won't come home for dinner.
What kind of idiot would wear high heels in a hiking trip?
I've been sitting here for hours and I'm worn out. Is anyone coming to take over?
I'm really annoyed today. That worthless brat did not show up for work, and I had to take up his responsibilities for him, although originally I was not responsible for them.
Can it be any more coincidental that the metro breaks down when it's raining?
You sat on my packed cake and completely flattened it. How am I supposed to eat it now?
Siuming has been missing for a week, his family is hoping that he can come back safe and sound
Algeria, Libya and Egypt are countries in North Africa.
If you study hard now, you will have the opportunity to go abroad in the future.
The new boss has shown us severity on his first day of work.
You're very irresponsible. You haven't done what you said you would.
I don't know what I did that make my wife mad. She keeps glaring at me.
He thinks that he could not find any jobs because his talents were simply not recognised.
The rental agreement states clearly in the regulations that the tenant has to pay two months' deposit and a month's rent payable in advance.
I hereby announce that Mr. Chan Tai Man is the champion.
I don't understand why he doesn't look for a job but does nothing all day.
The Hospital Authority feels regretful for its fault.
I did it in full compliance with the procedures, don't blame me if anything goes wrong.
There are many countries in Asia. China is one of them.
Our university has many departments and thus is a comprehensive university.
In order to be removed from the lay world, A-ming went to study spirituality at a Buddhist temple.
A serious discord crept into relations between the two business partners; they eventually ceased the partnership.
There are many kinds of arrhythmia. Ones like mine need medications, while others don't.
The voltage of this battery is 1.5 volt.
Having a delightful tour at the Western Europe has always been my dream!
Ah-keung always bluffs, but in reality he's not as good as he says he is.
We are puzzled about his sudden resignation.
The car is not running smooth, it's time to check the spark plugs.
I've diluted the sauce. It shouldn't taste that heavy now.
It's really not easy to hold an unforgettable birthday party.
You help me to set a side light please, that will bring a better effect for the photo.
You can never sneak through a drug testing if you have been using banned drugs.
The meaning of this story is to tell us not to be greedy.
It is such an insult to the turtles when the cops are being name called as "turtles".
He lives far away so he has to wake up at the crack of dawn to go to work.
This is a century-old problem in mathematics, which many mathematicians spent their whole lives on it but still could not solve it.
Wow, this biscuit not only tastes good, it is also quite crispy.
You've graduated but you aren't looking for a job. Every day you stay at home dispirited, how useless!
Two young lamas from Sichuan attempted to make a nuisance of themselves at a Tibetan Buddhist monastery yesterday, but fortunately they were saved from death.
Don't worry too much. Here is not a dangerous place. No one will hurt you.
We were all so sleepy, so once we got on, we mainly got some shut-eye.
I'm planning to go to Wong Tai Sin and ask the master to 'read my face'.
We are now better off so we are able to pay off our debt to you.
Your new home is quite elegant, how much did you spend renovating it?
I have met all your needs and wants at my best, but why do you still mess around?
Hacken Lee loves sending gifts to people, what a generous guy!
Can you help me with my living expenses this month?
Do it the way it should be done, you don't need to ask me.
The upper deck is dangerous. Children are not allowed to go up by themselves!
He got hit by a car after beating an innocent man. This is how justice is done.
This entertainer was seen visiting a brothel; the story is on magazine.
His dog suddenly went mad yesterday and bit its master.
I feel a lot more confident after getting this award.
On the day of their silver wedding, a couple would give each other silver-made presents.
Those shrews on the street corner keep gossiping for the whole day, really annoying.
She is an avarice for vanity that I think she has a repulsive look.
This book has been put aside the entire time and has been collecting dust for ten years.
It's embarrassing to quote the wrong sayings. You shouldn't try to show off when you aren't sure about your quotes.
I can't find a common ground for our discussion. You don't get the point I'm talking about.
The salespeople put in a lot of efforts to persuade me to purchase.
Seeing that he is struggling so hard to move that thing, I think he deserves some help.
The government are holding a bloody candle to the sun, as they've built a rain shelter that doesn't shelter one from rain at all.
She made a brisk drop into the river. I wanted to grab her arm but it was too late.
May I reply to you after listening to my wife's opinion.
In the end, they got back together—it's as if it were written in the stars all along.
After she graduated from the college, she works and learns on her own at the same time, hoping she can enter the university next year.
Miraculous! How come the doll could speak?
OCD patients are weirdos in many people's eyes.
If you know the answer, leave a comment in this post. If you are correct, you'll receive a prize.
My 30,000 word essay is finally done!
This department store is really well stocked.  It literally has everything one needs in a modern setting.
A tornado ripped through Florida in the United States, killing one person and injuring one hundred.
The taste of shark's fin soup actually comes from the stock; shark's fin contains no taste actually.
Jerusalem in the Middle East is holy land of Judaism, Christianity and Islam.
He is not coming back to the world of living, there is no need to burden yourself with sorrow.
The flat rents nowadays are so expensive, frequently over $20,000.
I WhatsApped you and phoned you. You didn't answer.
Is a degree useful? There are so many university graduates out there, if you don't have a degree you will be at a disadvantage.
The thief was holding a gun! How come you were so daring facing him?
It turns out that every decision was wrong.
As the enemy is in an inferior position, we should take advantage of this situation to attack them.
Though the government has resumed the Home Ownership Scheme after halting it for so many years, it still cannot fulfill the housing need of citizens.
Towards the end of the month, there is only a short queue in every bank.
The purpose of Tai Ping Ching Chiu is to purify and bless the community.
The palace, though looking luxurious, was just built upon the wealth exploited from the people.
No need to pick a time. Let's go to karaoke tonight.
The Internet has changed the pattern of social movements of the new generation.
The factory was piled with a lot of inflammable goods.
No matter how high has one achieved in ability and knowledge, without good character, it is still useless.
You are carrying too much stuff that make you clumsy. How can you move quickly?
We didn't just go shopping, we even watched a movie.
Not too many people liked him when he first debuted as a singer.
Hey students. You should study now. Don't spend too much time on dating.
He always craves women; he approaches every girl he meets for her number.
Now many professional musicians only know the simplified score notation, and can't even read traditional Chinese gongche scores.
I planned to pull a sickie for a job interview, but the plan was ruined just because I was seen by a colleague on public transport.
It's natural for youngsters to think this way.
His parents worry that he might make some unsavoury friends and follow their example.
I can go home by red minibus. It's quick enough.
Come on. You're an adult, for god's sake. Why can't you behave like one?
We should treasure our lives kindly given by God.
Don't step on the carpet with your shoes. It's a Persian carpet.
The police, after being called, arrived at the location of the incident within three minutes.
For doing such things, he deserves harsh criticism after appearing in the news.
Can anyone help me change the light bulb? I'm not tall enough.
The village has CCTVs installed everywhere, and villagers are on patrol during the nighttime.
The shopping mall becomes very quiet around eight or nine o'clock. Very few people go there at that time.
He has been in the same position for 5 or 6 years. Today, he is still an office assistant.
I want to live happily too, but I don't have a choice.
With duplicated words added, the tone sounds different at once.
My phone was switched to silent mode, so it didn't ring when you called.
When he has spare time, he'll go to the elderly's home, visit the old people and chat casually with them.
The mistake was made by the boss. Why should I be held responsible?
It's sad to see the old age person saw the young off
Last night he drank too much and then lost his consciousness.
She went to boarding school, so she grew up to be a very independent person.
Our boss is very mean, even if the company makes a profit, it won't pay any bonus.
I will let you decide the menu for us. Please make it around five to six hundred dollars per head.
They hope that this pioneering work could be included in the Guinness Book of World Records.
Hong Kong team will strive against South Korea team in the final to obtain the champion.
Just now in gym class, that weakling A-chung fainted while running because his blood pressure was too low.
It's so late! Why is he still not back yet? I truly hope nothing has happened to him.
He is such a smooth talker at this age; he will be a talent of his own in time.
Did you know that the older generation call Christmas "Lou Faan Dung"?
Someone impersonated as my boss on phone and ordered me to wire him a sum of money.
He was admitted to hospital last month for a stroke. How has he been?
Yuan Chonghuan was sentenced to death by lingchi because of treason.
As I am now in this position, the company cannot go on without me.
Instead of relying on intuition, why don't you back your arguments with hard evidence?
Teenagers stick around the nightclubs during holidays.
Chi-ming looks especially decent today because he is going to a speed-dating event.
He is a yes-man to the boss, what an ass-kisser.
The duration of a quarter note is twice that of an eighth note.
The mass gathered outside the local U.N. office to urge for its intervention.
This is a very ordinary work, nothing special.
Do you know your own place? How dare you talk to the boss with such tone?
Our organisation helps people in the belief that practising charity will accumulate virtue.
Of course it smells—the room was closed for a year!
I don't wanna work, but I still have to. Gotta pay the bills, right? I ain't one of those trust fund babies.
I bought a new pencil case today, see, is it beautiful?
My grandma goes to learn 'Eight Pieces of Brocade' in a community centre every week. She is so healthy!
no matter what, I will definitely join this competition.
She lives alone and thus often feels lonely.
A-chung has flu, but he goes around without a mask. He is spreading germs.
Those textbooks are being revised frequently and you can't buy their older versions: everyone has to buy the expensive brand-new copies.
The red rainstorm signal has been hoisted. Primary school students need not go to school!
I gave A-chung my advice with good intention, but he turned a deaf ear on it.
He treats you so well. He probably loves you.
What's the purpose of studying Maths in university when all that are taught are merely advanced but never practical?
The director put his heart into this film and hoped it would inspire Hongkongers.
These fraudsters often cheat and coax old ladies on the street, many lost money from their tricks.
When you are unhappy, you can talk with your friends.
The property market is in quite a turbulence lately, I will keep a hold on my assets for now no matter what.
The martial law of most states stated that soldiers who deserted from an ongoing battle is to be executed.
Look, your mom has heart disease, so how about NOT riling her up.
It's nearly seven. I'd better hurry up and get into a cha chaan teng to eat.
Do you folks prefer paying to learn for self-enrichment or working to earn money?
There are a couple of new restaurants in Tai Wai. Let's try them out sometime.
She follows her husband around every day to prevent him from cheating.
She is a premature baby and spent her first month in intentional care, we are now making up for it with a hundred day party.
Solving equation is the process of finding the values of the variables.
He is good at writing compositions, but in fact he acquires his skills gradually.
This centre offers training courses on tennis, badminton, table-tennis and so on.
The government estimates that there will be 100,000 visitors during the New Year holiday.
Could you stop looking around when listening?
Nobody can go anywhere because of the COVID-19 lockdowns.
He hasn't participated in any competition since his injury.
No game developer would encourage botting.
This pool is too deep for swimming—my feet can't touch the bottom.
The person on the first row was so tall. He completely blocked the screen.
Have you finished it? You have done it for years. It's time for us to go out.
Why are you so disappointing? Learn from others and show some guts!
When you study abroad, dad and mom can't take care of you and you will have to look after yourself.
I want to fly in the sky like a bird too.
I used to be afraid of appearing in front of camera, but now that I have more confidence, I am not so scared anymore.
Let's think when everybody's here that what topic should we do on our presentation.
He followed suit to do business and eventually he was in a sorry plight.
I would rather have a tight schedule from day to night with at least a day off, than have to attend classes separately in the early morning and the late afternoon.
In order to understand the lives of children in the poor regions, we specially organized this visit.
Some think that this volcano eruption was caused by the movements of tectonic plates.
I asked him to finish it before Monday, and only today he told me he totally forgot about it. He's such an unreliable person.
You really think she loves you? She treated you as a puppet!
I gained the habit of keeping a diary since the age of six.
Do you want to wreck the kitchen? What's with all that caterwauling?
The washroom is extremely smelly. How often do you clean your toilet?
Two kids were chasing each other with a banging noise this morning.
To marry him I would have to disown my parents, this, I have put through a lot of consideration.
I am still kind of spooked walking past a coffin home at night.
Maybe because of my illness, I don't have an appetite today and don't feel like eating anything.
Immediately after the earthquake, the relevant authorities declared the area a disaster area.
Sun Yat-sen is admired by Chinese people because he overthrew the Qing government.
Well, in fact I don't want to eat Japanese food, okay?
The content of his articles always follow others without his own opinions.
She was overconfident and underestimated her opponent.
She wants to break my family apart. She is indeed an evil woman!
I support Italy for sure in this World Cup. I am a loyal fan of the Italian!
After playing merry-go-round, I feel so dizzy and do not want to walk.
They are just having a verbal fight. They aren't going to fight physically, are they?
Because of improper use, the microwave oven soon broke down.
The design of this clock is very special; it really suits the living room.
Please feel free to call me if you have any inquiries.
In the early dawn of the New Year's Day, ships at sea whistled to celebrate.
Upon entering a Japanese restaurant, the waiter will greet you with a "welcome."
Ah-ching has been doing her utmost for her company so she finally gets promotion.
The side dish in the set meal is quite appealing too, matching pretty much with the soup.
"Jap6 sat6 jim6 sat1 gam6 gan2 gap1 zai3" is a classic Cantonese tongue-twister.
This clinic is open 24 hours a day. It's really quite convenient.
The boss is a nice person. All employees have nothing but praise for him.
On every exam season, the offering table of Man Mo Temple is covered with tributes such as fruits and snacks.
The whole thing was so ridiculous pigs would fly.
You seemed to be sleep deprived. Why are your under-eye bags so obvious?
I felt much better after this drink.
We take night bus to the airport because we need to take a night flight.
I live with my husband's mother, and we get along well.
He was such a cheerful person! I can't believe he took his own life after his breakup.
Most people in Chinatowns speak Toishanese and Cantonese. There is no need to worry!
Many girls love to dye their hair dark brown, as it looks bright and natural as well.
You are so eloquent that being a lawyer would be the most suitable job for you.
He's now working as an office clerk, which is seen as a pretty stable job.
Who let that bastard come in our home? You think it's a place that anyone can come and leave freely?
The debt collection agency kept sending people every day to threaten him of unpaid debt by spattering red paint over his house, making him too afraid to return home.
Despite Dr. Chung having taught Ah-Yan many concepts and techniques in medicine, he persistently refused to address themselves as teacher and student, respectively.
Although he is a short fuse, don't forget the fact that he treats his friends really well.
Including Christmas and New Years, there are 10 days of vacation altogether.
You don't have to be at the top in terms of languages even if you want to work abroad.
You are not caring enough as you don't even know that I have a food allergy.
In order to fight against piracy, the government decides to legislate and protect copyright.
What a fucking idiot. Who the fuck would mess with his girlfriend when she's on period?
Don't be fooled by his luxury clothing. It turns out he lives in public housing!
After he made a fool of himself, his dignity caved in entirely.
He's severely ill and hasn't many days left, so he prepares his will in advance.
Siu-san praises his girlfriend in front of his colleagues for her being very tender.
She shares anecdotes experienced at work on the social website.
His outstanding football skills attracted a lot of people to see the match.
Sharp household tools, like knives and needles, should be kept away from children.
Facing this difficult situation, I am at a loss.
It is quite saddening that the response of the public towards this experimental song was so-so.
That clip of puppy abuse makes my blood boil.
Miss Chan speaks very loudly that everyone in the hall can hear her.
One of the principles of the enforcement policy is to act in accordance with the law.
The flat price is extremely high now. It's not a good time to invest in the market.
You should at least wear a diamond necklace to a ball to keep up appearances!
Un goo goo. Sis, don't be so angry. Let me cheer you up.
A-yan admires this work of art because of its delicacy.
Many people could not tell the difference between Pepsi and Coca-cola.
He gave me a dozen apples, but many of them were rotten.
The thief escaped while everyone was flustered.
After we ordered the dishes, the waiter asked us how many bowls of rice we wanted. Dad said, "one for each of us!"
I don't take well to living in the sticks. It's too out-there, too mosquito-ridden for me. Give me city life any day.
Please help me buy two packs of ceremonial paper money offerings: one for the sky, and one for the earth. I will need them for worship at the project's opening ceremony tomorrow.
I have never seen a cubic watermelon before, how quaint.
Meth is a very potent stimulant which used to be prescribed to treat ADHD, but safer drugs are available now.
The government, with a huge revenue this financial year, plans to offer grants to its departments.
In big cities, university graduates are everywhere. It isn't easy to get a job!
A legislative councilor thinks that rat poison is useless, and suggests hiring experts to catch rats.
I hate listening to long-winded speeches as they would make me feel sleepy.
Good luck on your interview this afternoon. You can do it!
We need to buy stationery like pencils, erasers, rulers, etc.
Nowadays there are females learning the traditional performing arts of Chinese unicorn dance.
Doctors and nurses drew lots to decide who would have to work in isolation wards.
You have no money but want to be a boss? You're daydreaming.
You have to be thick-skinned to be a salesperson.
There's a grand hotel in Hollywood. Three fat women were playing soccer there. (lyrics)
Haha ! Sterling stepped on the ball and fell down on the first touch, made me laugh to death.
Seeing that the dog is in so much pain, we struggled whether to ask the doctor to give it a shot to allow it to pass away in peace.
You should step away from others' business in case they mistake us for being up to something later.
I've already followed his instruction to do all the work, but now he asks me why I did it so quickly, and whether I want to take the rest of the time! He argues without any reason!
The arts of the guqin (the craft of qin making) was inscribed onto the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Hong Kong in 2017.
Ah, naughty you, stop flirting with me.
He saved your life and you are still going to harm him, you're really an ungrateful backstabber.
His whole family does not cook at home and always goes out for meals.
Normally that is not allowed, but we can try to sneak by.
Many people simply want a shelter. They even wouldn't mind living in a cage-home.
Nowadays it is very hard to hook up in Lan Kwai Fong, many girls are only into white guys.
Traditional fax machines use thermal paper as their printing technology, there's no ink cartridge to replace.
Usually in Korean restaurants, some appetizers and side dishes can be refilled for free before starting the meal, and they taste good.
It was done a freaking long time ago already. It would've been too late to wait till you were done.
All the government officers are muddleheaded.
63% of the union members voted to take industrial action.
This job requires a foreigner who can speak fluent Cantonese.
This line of perfume smells like disinfectant and were packed in plastic bottles, even dollar stores won't stock them.
Your shirt is so crumple, you'd better iron it before wear.
Apart from beheading, executioners were also in charge of cutting prisoners at their waists.
This flyover is several hundred meters above the ground. It's terrifying to walk across it.
Mom, do you allow us to watch the TV now?
Weddings of Hongkongers are usually of Chinese and Western styles combined.
That nasty man sits right opposite to me. He makes me sick.
Seeing his photograph during the funeral made me feel emotional.
It is better not to play "the pen fairy" without concern that it is really dangerous.
I really saw him walking with a woman in the street on that day.
I went for a pregnancy test yesterday, and the doctor said I've been pregnant for two months.
You lent him such a generous sum despite his compulsive gambling habits; what a friend he has!
Grandma bought some paper dolls today for grave visiting tomorrow.
What's the laughing about? Mr. Chan is telling jokes again?
I don't wanna talk about the side issues of this matter, anyhow we finally become friends again like we were before.
The forecast is that tomorrow's temperature will drop to 5 degrees Celsius.
A: "Why do you buy so many medicines?" B: "They are just for unexpected needs."
Just look at A-chung. Seeing he messes up even a simple prayer, I know he doesn't have enough practice.
After school, he goes to the study room to do homework and revision. When the evening comes he goes home for dinner.
Before WWII, the government built air-raid shelters at several locations in Hong Kong.
People started anti-government protests in a great scale.
Wait a minute, let me go to the loft and grab a pillow for you.
He abused his power as a Councillor for personal advantages and was put into jailed for a few years.
During the SARS plague, there were pharmacies that hoard face masks and disinfectants.
This location is strictly guarded. Only authorized people are allowed to enter.
I won't have high hopes to get rich. A stable life is enough.
The plot of the film keeps twisting. You will never know what really happens until the end.
This man is loyal to his own values, so he absolutely will not yield to injustice!
Occasional spotting around menstrual periods is usually trivial, but if it persists for two to three months, it is better to get checked up by a doctor.
Such little food costs a few hundred dollars. It really hurts.
You always say that you want to help him, while your hidden agenda is just to take advantage of him.
After working extremely hard in the company for two years, he finally decided to quit and set up his own business.
The activity is for children aged under 5. It seems that your child is over-age.
rest in peace, I'll take care of mom.
The radio drama often delves into the current problems in society and has been very popular for decades.
This neighborhood is near the market and lots of shops are located here; everything can be bought here and so supplies outside are not needed.
The layout of this flat is quite bad, with all the irregular shape.
Kids always love to eat lolipops, they could suck the candy for an hour.
Nowadays, how can we take their unacceptable service?
We should do everything with stability and should never be discouraged even when we come across a failure.
Does this bus pass through Central?
I can't get used to this unfamiliar bed. I've been in bed for a while but can't fall asleep.
My son will be a month old next Wednesday. Remember to come to our celebration banquet then.
If someone hurts me by remark, I will definitely take revenge.
In this flagging economy, the development plans have ground to halt.
She likes you! What are you waiting for?
She's not a very good-hearted, you need to be careful with her.
I've told him off for many times, but he's still like that.
A-chung can't cook and has run out of cup noodles. Tonight he's probably "having northwest wind" for dinner.
I restrict myself to one cup of coffee per day.
Our neighbouring table was having quite a fight, and out of the blue my face was splashed with a cup of water. I guess I am a collateral here.
This jacket has down as liner, it is warm and light weight
She always flirts with her boss, that's why she got promoted so quickly!
Siu-mei has an innocent heart that her husband's family likes her very much.
You can tell that she is living a happy life from this letter if you read between the lines.
The thief flagrantly robbed a handbag in broad.
The industry representative thinks that the subsidy is not enough to settle the problem.
You think he'll hire you if you act like a pro? Save it!
Poor maintenance of public facilities can have serious consequences.
So now I'd like to ask you a relatively personal question.
According to statistics, blue is the favourite colour among females.
Due to the rainy weather, the organisers have decided to cancel the outdoor event.
He is having a 41 degree fever, should we call for an ambulance?
He is very suspicious, especially afraid that someone will poison him.
The prices in this store are clear and fixed, so you don't need to bargain.
He keeps missing the toilet when he pees. It's making the entire bathroom reek of piss.
Why does it work in Hong Kong to win voters over simply by giving out food or discounted service?
Don't pretend to be busy, I know you are "office mocking" most of the time.
Ideographically, "man" combined with "words" is "trust".
This backpack has mesh pockets on the sides to put water bottles in.
Nobody knows who will succeed in the competition.
Economic and trade cooperation between Hong Kong and the mainland China will be more frequent.
There was one chocolate cookie left in the office, and we wanted to decide who was to eat it by a game of rock, papers and scissors, but it was already eaten by someone else beforehand.
Why are you mistreating yourself by signing a five-year contract with that label company? All those who signed with that company usually become unpopular singers.
Her husband indulges in his sloppy dream of riches from gambling instead of getting a proper job.
You know a lot. What a smart kid!
The sickle on the flag of the Communist party represents the peasantry.
Under the present circumstances, we have no choice but to cancel the trip.
After the government announced a tax rise, every worker in HK expresses their discontent.
All these paintings are forgeries, they are worth as much as your lunch.
Egg tarts here are definitely the best—they must be!
My mum cooked the ham when she made sandwiches.
These days, I have been bustling about my daughter's future education.
Faced with absolute doom, he is still joking around, I don't think he knows how badly the situation is.
Under the influence of volcano eruption, some international flights landed at another airport.
My uncle said it was more important to do the right thing than to make a lot of money.
Although he is just beside me, I feel that there is a huge distance between us.
He has demanding criteria towards his better half, so he has not got any experience in dating yet even though he is middle-aged.
If you are so eager to find your better-half, go to the matchmaker and ask him to find you a lover!
She has a strong sense of responsibility, and gets greatly valued by her boss.
How much do I need to pay you for being my private detective one day?
As my opponent you are really making me excited!
Ever since she got divorced, she has let herself go and has been indulging in smoking and drinking.
Using his wealth and good looks, this pop star slept with a lot of girls.
He was a professional boxer and is now a boxing coach.
That cough syrup he recommended last time is really great.
I seem to have seen this drawing before, where did you buy it?
Be careful when unloading. Don't get the fragile goods broken.
The patient on bed 15 broke water, and has bloody show, but there are no contractions yet.
This French fortress was famed to be impregnable yet only lasted two weeks under siege.
That cheap, low-grade takeout meal made me reminisce about my life back in the day as a student.
This audio cassette/audiotape which was recorded live contains many noise.
Hong Kong Customs seizes suspected over 1 million illicit cigarettes.
I have a tight timetable this semester, I'm sure I'll be very busy every day.
There are a multitude of theories concerning the origin of life.
The original price is $500. I'll give you a special offer of $450.
A ninety-year-old woman lives in this house.
A new stall often marks down the price to attract customers.
He was sick on the day of the examination, so he will take the make-up examination.
In normal situation, there are no noble gas compounds.
These years I've always focussed on my job, and neglected my family.
The Hong Kong Museum of Coastal Defence and Hong Kong Film Archive are located at Shau Kei Wan.
The new year's flower market has just begun. Let's go and crash the scene.
My doctor told me to quit alcohol. Undaunted by the consequences, I keep drinking every day.
There are 150 villagers including children.
Other important people reveal their name and title, but it doesn't mean you can. You are nobody here. Who do you think you are?
The cake is too large. Why not cut it and leave a half to eat later?
The hospital staff just called me, I gotta go now.
Treasure every moment with those you love.
Ah-yeung keeps his position by using such despicable acts so he deserves no respect.
He is an unsatisfactory strategist, proposing bad suggestions all the time.
He is willing to have his life shortened by 10 years in exchange for his brother's overcoming the hardship.
I need to revise the details before giving the proposal to my boss.
At night, when I can't sleep, I will stare at the ceiling and think.
Forming exclusive groups online gets you nowhere; you would only hear comments from people who agree with you.
He was modest that he said he did not sing well, but all of us enjoyed his singing a lot.
If it rains today, we won't be able to play football.
Touch wood! It'll be fine!
It's my birthday today. I'll have hotpot with my friends to celebrate.
I cannot follow the logic of the second point on your proposal.
I've been thinking about this question for a while, but I still haven't got an answer yet.
The kids are so active and energetic; they often run off to god-knows-where in the blink of an eye.
A plan ignoring public holidays may cause losses or even a mess.
The principal played nepotism, promoting Mr. Wong to department head.
They were inseparable in their first few months of dating.
I don't have much time, you'd better get to the point now.
I unintentionally heard him talking with another woman on the phone.
No boasting. If you promised it, you should be able to do it.
Babe, I've waited for so long. Can we have sex once tonight?
The decoration of this restaurant makes you feel like you are in outer space.
We have to fit in with the bank's office hours to open new accounts.
Due to good growing conditions, the flowers are growing beautifully.
With you giving him a really rough handjob, of course he'd lose his erection.
This unit is fairly new with excellent facilities. What a gem!
That's nothing. Ah Ming literally vomited so hard from boredom that he had to go to the hospital.
Oh no, I didn't bring my hair tie, I couldn't tie my hair up even it is too hot.
The duty of teaching is to cultivate the next generation of the society.
The Water Supplies Department would arrange water wagons to provide water supply to the residents in the affected areas.
I always miss the alarm clock and oversleep.
The democratic reform leads to a flourishing society.
The baby wetted the bed. Can you give me a towel please?
That van gave me a fright just then when it suddenly turned the corner and nearly hit me.
He is the manager, and in addition to that, he's also the boss' son. Of course we need to listen to him.
Don't talk carelessly, be careful that someone may rat on you!
We must exercise our civic rights and support elections.
This is too abnormal, you need to keep alert.
None of them really wanted to come. They all made excuses and left.
The mayor turned our town into a mess during his term of office.
A-ming is really getting momentous in this boxing tournament. In the round just now, he sent A-chung flying off the ring with a single punch.
She is a cheerful person. Without her our lives would be very boring.
A while back everyone says they want democracy. Now they endorse a supporter of dictatorship.
How dare you harass kids! Your evil deeds can't be forgiven!
When he gets barbaric, he won't listen to reasons.
The advocates for relocation of the capital think that it could alleviate the stress of population growth and facilitate development.
This shop ripped off my money, so I'm gonna go around saying bad things about them.
I saw my ex-girlfriend yesterday. I was so embarrassed that I didn't know what to say.
Why don't you follow the instructions? Answer me: Are you the rat?
My daughter's teeth are falling out, and her lisping is so funny
When you go to that area, you will see the salon that I mentioned.
The minibus driver drove straight through a red light and was then stopped by a police car.
As a native Hongkonger, I love this city.
This celebrity publicly criticized the taxi driver for giving change 70 cents short. What a cheapskate!
Teenagers at this age hold a more rebellious attitude.
When she heard faint cries from the flaming apartment, she rushed in without a second thought.
The man sitting next to me sports a heavy moustache, looking utterly fierce.
The president is critically ill, and he is now in the intensive care unit.
Two winners share the latest Mark Six jackpot, each winning more than HK$84 million.
With the 70000 dollars that he painstakingly saved, plus the 6.45M dollars given by his father, he finally managed to buy his first apartment.
In general, we need around four to eight weeks to process the claim.
Having skipped lunch, I've got to eat more rice tonight to get full.
Many drivers can't see this blind spot, be careful when you drive past there.
Oops! It's raining heavily. I'll be in trouble. I forgot to shut the windows at home.
Listen boy, stop acting like a smartass. You don't know nothing about the world.
How many would stop by and appreciate the churches in our community?
You're sitting at the vent of the air-conditioner, of course you would feel cold!
The girl did not get to eat ice-cream, so she wore an angry face.
Dad likes going to the park and sleeping on one of the benches.
If you want the meat to defrost faster, you need to wash it under running water.
He is often criticized for acting in a despotic manner.
Michael Tao, a handsome and attractive actor, is admired by many middle-aged women. He is a housewife killer.
Woah, sitting on its laurels, yet another series of that movie is producing; I'm getting bored with that.
Come! Let's cheers to celebrate our graduation!
A-chung's clothes look like they haven't been washed for months.
The existence of a mountain in reality does not necessarily imply the existence of a mountain in the mind.
When people visit Holland, they often buy a pair of clogs as souvenirs.
I have a banquet to attend later on. I am going to go home and dress up nicely.
Most guests have arrived. Emcee please standby.
Robert Morrison was the first Protestant missionary to China.
Boss is coming. Hurry up and get your work done.
He has been deeply worried since his grandma was hospitalized.
One should know himself well. Knowing his own limits is the first step to avoid being destroyed.
Workers must wear a safety belt because they wash the building high in the air.
Even though he may have offended you, you don't have to beat him up so badly!
My friend from Guangdong loves watching Baizi opera.
You look like you've been sneaky lately. What wicked plans are you cooking up?
These few minutes have carried the voices of millions.
I nodded off while standing and almost fell.
Your boss. You said you'd pay for the tea, but you used the toilet excuse to flee.
Experts say that given more training, there's a good chance that she will become a gifted child.
Those councilors fellow were picking fly shit out of pepper.
Don't click links in unsolicited phone messages.
In the 70s, plastic briefcases were very popular with students and workers.
The seven major vowels in Cantonese are aa, e, i, o, u, oe, and yu.
He has great ambition but little talent. While eager to take the leading role, he is unable to lead the team to greatness.
Getting stuck in traffic from Kwun Tong to Tuen Mun for three hours every day has made me rethink my existence.
Her make-up is so thick that you cannot tell if her face is all rotten underneath.
Whenever I ask him to do housework, he says he is busy.
This matchmaker brought at least 100 pairs together.
Every year, performers need to sing and dance in cold weather during the International Chinese New Year Night Parade.
You want that mean boss to increase your salary ? You are thinking too unrealistically.
In the sayings of Confucius, it is told not to return evil for good.
Dismemberment was a method of capital punishment in ancient China.
I've just finished my revision. Can you quiz me on it?
I just like to wear socks in sandals! Kiss my ass!
Everyone in the office is keen to form cliques. How can I stay out from these?
She takes great care of her flowers every day.
She's not pretty clever, but she works very hard to make up for it.
Would you buy me a whistle? I need it for the cheer tomorrow.
I have practiced for so long, eventually the outcome is not as good as usual.
From Kowloon Tong to Wan Chai via the MTR, you need to interchange twice.
Such an attitude shows that he has no intention to cooperate.
There are still hostile forces among the country after revolution.
God bless, the police caught the criminal.
He lives a thrifty life, possibly spending less than $50 per day.
Once she heard her ex-boyfriend has gotten a new affair, you can see how angry she looks along with the envy.
She's been saying she was looking forward to meeting old friends, it's quite a surprise that she doesn't show up today!
Bus routes with "something-something-M" as the route number always stop at the metro station.
The teacher will lead our class to a conference in Beijing.
There are so many gossips going on in the election. How could you know that it is only a trap or drama?
I've never seen such a great drop in the exchange rate for RMB.
Bloodstained clothing was found near the scene.
Ah-ching enjoys watching the drama. The drama must be good.
Some streets in Hong Kong are named after its former governors.
You're going to take the mock examination in January. Why do you still keep playing and miss your revision?
The doctor was accused of having sexual intercourse with her patient.
If you have a sore neck, try acupuncture from a traditional Chinese doctor.
My computer is stuck in the Windows screen for a long time while booting up, is it hacked?
Grandfather becomes older but he is more healthy and energetic that he walks very fast.
The murderer has no fear of being sentenced to death because he bribed the judge.
Smoking marijuana is legal in many western countries.
Alright, so after stir-frying the sweet-sour pork, it's almost time to add some corn-starch mixture to thicken the sauce.
When it comes to food, packaging is less important; taste is what matters.
He talks and moves frequently in his sleep.
Grandpa lived to a hundred years old before he passed away peacefully, he was a blessed fellow.
The mains voltage in Hong Kong is 220V.
The corner of the notice is drooping. Get some tape to stick it back in place.
You are too humble. We all admire you very much.
Being an illegitimate child makes him very embarrassed.
I ordered a chicken cutlet rice dish... There's no chicken cutlet but there's pork chop? Fine, I guess I'll take that then.
Many female fans see male idols as their dream lovers.
She said she doesn't like you. Why are you so thick-skinned to keep running after her?
Do you want to watch a blue film with me?
I am only an insignificant person, but I will do what I can do, to the best of my ability.
The two companies, as it happens, have the same owner.
Instead of complaining about others, you should reflect more on yourself.
Japan and the USA have been allies since mid-20th century.
The Government announced measures under the scheme to make it more convenient for eligible citizens to submit applications.
The Health, Welfare and Food Bureau inspected a number of Hong Kong-style cafés and found that twenty percent of them did not meet hygiene standards.
The bosses of the two companies were absent in this conference. It implied that there was a problem in their cooperation.
Sorry, this is the lowest price we can offer.
You are a real animal! How dare you took all your mum's savings to gamble?
Instead of answering questions, he just sat there like a moron.
With this idea in mind, you submit a proposal to me next week.
The moment I saw my boss's incoming message, I was immediately awake.
The government has adopted a series of measures to lower the unemployment rate.
The staff recently took away all the fuel from the fuel pool in the No.4 unit of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station in Japan, in which a nuclear accident had occurred.
He is constantly being harassed in the workplace. It's really quite sad!
As both of us have children, after a while we naturally started talking about them.
That fraudster never stays in the same place and has a lot of hideouts. He has probably gone to another location to avoid arrest.
This pair of trousers is a bit too long, it doesn't look good on you.
Your performance sounded pretty good, but you do still have some room for improvement.
Although being made of particle board does reduce weight, solid wood is much more durable.
To be a doctor in a locality one must first know the endemic diseases there. For example, favism, though rather common in Hong Kong, is not common knowledge among UK graduates.
I have got a lot of homework to mark tonight. It's gonna be a late night.
There are two main brands of cellphones in the market: A and B. The former is cheaper, the latter is more durable.
She knows my dark secret and blackmailed me for million dollars.
I think we should hang fire until the general situation becomes clearer.
Get lost, don't fucking stand in my way!
Don't interrupt him, let him finish first.
Everyone wants to participate in this iBond thing and earns some easy money.
What? The filling of the dumplings is cabbage and pork? How can I eat this?
You're such a selfish prick. You're really gonna be taking girls out for nice meals at the same time you're telling us you're too broke for a drink?
This tutorial center has many ways to charge you. They even charge you air-condition fee.
You shouldn't be so picky when you know you're not pretty; otherwise you might be single forever.
Every year our secondary school holds a notice board design competition to encourage students to cooperate and decorate the classroom.
He left after winning the round, I didn't even have a chance to take my revenge!
I've plenty of coupons expiring soon. Feel free to take some for your use.
The old school building is going to be torn down during the summer holiday. Come take some pictures with me before the break.
The team captain cannot play tomorrow's match. We're counting on you.
Every Mid-Autumn Festival, I eat mooncake to celebrate.
He doesn't go to study or work, but idles at home.
Another academic year has passed. It's time to find a summer job.
He is very hard working in his studies, but since he did not use a right method, he was unable to improve.
For the sake of the relationship, I have no way but to cover up the lies I told before.
The boss doesn't look happy today. You ought to be careful!
This house is a property descended from our grandfather, we cannot/should not sell it!
He thought his lie was flawless.
Only when you look at the game from a normal perspective will you be able to avoid losing your mind and affecting your results.
The car costs a whopping 600 thousand dollars. Please take proper care when driving it.
Green apples are sour and best for making desserts.
The rain is so heavy that the observatory issued the amber rainstorm warning signal.
We are but employer and employee; we should behave appropriately.
Don't look around when you are walking, please be careful.
Why suffer through his love if you knew that he was married all along?
Get in your positions everyone. Let's start from the robbery scene.
This year, only few typhoons could enter South China Sea and affect Hong Kong.
It's over a half cheaper to buy this pair of sneakers in Japan than as scalped in in Hong Kong.
The window is so dirty, clean it with that cloth now.
The flight from Hong Kong to Japan takes four hours.
We have done what we can do already, so just be tolerant even though the result is bad.
I was just a bit late, but then she kept complaining.
The content of this textbook would be a little bit too difficult for you right now.
His two key goals in the second half of the match reversed the result.
He's had to face double trouble from both losing his job, as well as breaking up with his girlfriend at the same time.
Your brother is playing Jungle with his classmates. Do you want to play?
This task is very important, we have to finish it.
Even though no efforts are spared teaching you, you still have no change at all!
Actually these several songs can be compared to his popular ones, but they really gain so little attention.
It's so adorable to see a group of kids singing and playing together.
"I need to see a friend in a moment. Let me AFK for a bit."
I've travelled to many different places, and at the end of the day this is the most beautiful place.
The police's questions made me hesitant in speaking. I didn't know how to answer at all.
You don't always study. I am surprised that you can get into the university.
Free pricing is trendy. You can pay however much you want.
Don't hide your feelings and thoughts, you can talk with us whatever you want.
If you want to learn how to make models, you can join this hobby club and meet many fellows there.
Why are you dressing so strangely? Is it the latest trend?
Every year this prize giving ceremony is like the share-out BBQ pork custom, every participant gets a slice of cake.
He works as a teacher in an evening school to supplement his family income.
He always thinks that people who live on Hong Kong Island are superior.
Many Chinese restaurant do not sell lotus leaf wrapped sticky rice with chicken anymore. They only sell mini lotus leaf wrapped sticky rice with chicken.
After the outbreak of the epidemic, the governments sent planes to evacuate expatriates from there.
It's very dangerous for a girl passing a quiet alley alone.
Shortly after wearing high heels, my legs would start hurting.
I've made lots of cookies, help yourselves!
I'm kind of afraid of height, so I left after having a peep at the crater at a distance.
Why don't we split up and do different things - you go and buy the gift and we'll get the birthday cake.
For now, ageing population is the most urgent problem we need to solve.
He could wake up from a coma of twenty years, it's really inconceivable.
He went to pick up a call, and the noodles were burnt when he returned.
The identical twin brothers look so much alike. It is very hard to tell them apart.
A-chung moved to temporarily live in a cave to experience surviving in the wilds. Two days later he got sent to the hospital.
Why do I still have part time job after I get off? I have no other alternative, as I have my little kids and young wife to take care of.
I will have to attend a talk and return home late tomorrow night.
She isn't worth your attention. How come she is still the apple of your eye?
Cover your mouth when you burp, it would be really rude not to do so.
His wives went to court to settle disagreements on distribution of family assets.
Mr./Ms. Wan, with 40-year experience of teaching, has taught many students and earned great respect.
This boss is very mean about money and treats his workers very harshly.
My mother is a civil servant; she will receive monthly pension after retirement.
Stop rambling and get to the point already!
There are lots of fine details that requires your close attention when you rent a flat.
After seeing the film he starred in was such a big hit, he decided to follow it up by branching out into singing.
You keep saying that you would buy me lunch. It's all talk and no action.
All men participating in the Festival de Cannes are required to wear tuxedos.
The teacher suddenly burst into tears in the classroom. All the students didn't know how to respond but only stared into one another's eyes.
Today's weather is so sultry, maybe a typhoon is coming.
I'm working on something and it's hard to stop right in the middle, but I'm really hungry now.
You don't even know how to do it; you're just being a hindrance and causing trouble for others.
Mom, can you help me convince Dad to buy me a car?
There indeed was a silver mine in Silver Mine Bay.
You will have to be on bed-rest until the baby is born.
A good chef can turn any leftover into gourmet.
The police suppressed the protesters and arrested more than 20 people.
The lawyer stamped the certificate with her seal.
It's so hot today that many get barechested playing basketball on the court.
Teachers will often require students to sit cross-legged during PE lessons.
Look at his powerful stance, you cannot win a fight against him.
No matter how busy you are, at least you should give us a call.
This morning, A-chung ran away upon seeing me. Then I remembered he still hasn't paid me back the two thousand dollars yet.
You really can't tell from his decent appearance that he keeps a mistress like others.
To drink bubble tea, you need a wider drinking straw to suck up the tapioca pearls.
When you complete it, I will give you high reward for sure.
The faith of the citizens towards the government is nibbling away at a spate of scandals.
Though what you say seems is very reasonable, I still don't believe you.
Narrowing the wealth gap is the most pressing matter of the moment in our society.
Hiring a guy not smart enough would piss you off.
The ball was right in front of the goal and you still sent it over the crossbar! Do you even know how to play football?
See how thick the spare tyre around my waist is! It's time for me to go on a diet.
Manager asked me to serve a glass of water to the lady over there.
This is just an accident, you don't need to blame yourself.
How would you establish reference ranges for common blood analysis in infants and toddlers?
Can you give me a copy of your photo album so that I can take the advantage to read it earlier?
He is too indecisive in the business, how can I pass the company to him ?
Your reason sounds more like an excuse to me. I can't possibly give you a leave for that.
If you saw someone dressed real badly, you wouldn't laugh out loud, would you?
Drink more water in summer helps replenish the great water loss from our body.
Don't eat! This chocolate dropped on the floor!
A senior official got involved in a traffic accident in overseas. It is beyond imagination that the counterparty was a famous actor.
My father is on a business trip in the States. I'm afraid he won't be able to attend your birthday banquet.
I will go back to America after I finish the arrangements for grandpa's funeral.
He intended to flip mobile phones for a profit, but got caught in a price crash. He ended up selling his stockpile at half price.
Isn't there is a famous line in "Hamlet" - "To be, or not to be - that is the question."? How do you think if it is translated into so?
I lost all my money when I was playing mahjong with my family.
Your photo has lost focus, the background is so clear but the person is blurred
Last night I received an anonymous prank call asking me to take a leak again. That person needs to get a life!
After you've done all your homework, we can go out and play.
In a lack of virus test samples so far, we cannot identify many patients with minor symptoms in the community.
It's not surprise to know that you always deceive by others since you are not smart.
They have a shortage of troops, we can concentrate superior forces to defeat them first.
After getting married she now lives near her parents in order to take care of them more easily.
He had cheated you several times before and you still trust him, you are so ridiculous.
Since things are cheaper here, you get more bang for your buck when you're here on holiday.
I think I have picked the wrong subject, this is not for me.
Let's calm down before we discuss this issue.
Many men long to have their confidantes.
Daughter, when are we going to visit our grandpa's grave?
They have passed through a lot of hardship before getting together, that's why they treasure each other so much.
Since 1920, human trafficking is legal in Hong Kong, maids has replaced the old style slaves.
The typhoon shifted its path because of the Fujiwhara Effect.
if you have any symptoms, you should see the doctor as soon as possible.
Having been here for a long time, the building verifies history.
Siu Ming sneaked a snack but had neglected to dispose of the wrappers. Even if he wiped his mouth, I can still tell what was going on.
He doesn't like iPad? You have no idea how happy he was when he got it on his birthday this year.
With a lack of  both water and food in the disaster area, refugees could only depend on bark to ease their hunger.
If I kill all the terrorists, then do I count as an terrorist?
I have asked my friend to visit me. I need to buy more chairs for them to sit.
Have been in Australia for years, but still never made friends with any Aborigine.
The way you treat him is a little bit over.
It's almost the climax of the movie. Sit down and wait for it!
Unfold the vegetable please, or they will decay by the humidity
How come you still trust him so much? He's making a fool of you, moron!
There are four suits of playing cards in poker: spades, hearts, clubs and diamonds.
It was two weeks before the drama performance, and this guy suddenly decided to call it quits, so I had no choice but to ask somebody else for help.
Failed real estate project wastes too many land resources in the city.
It's hard to tell his children not to swear when he's cursing like a sailor.
Being impatient is his fatal flaw.
Hong Kong Government provides a great quantity of public housing for low-income citizens to live in.
I was thinking about offering him the seat, but he abruptly sat onto my bed.
I haven't seen you for some time and you are still in great shape, how do you do that?
He's been promoted recently, and has a company car to pick him up and drop him off.
It was said that HSBC was considering redomicilation and gave me a good scare.
In those good old days we bros stick together to work and eat, times was very hard but we all feel happy in it.
After travelling a long way to get here, I just knew the shop doesn't open today.
The gift you won from the lucky draw is better. May I swap mine with yours?
He made suicidal attacks repeatedly and still managed to survive. I have to say I am somewhat impressed.
If you put the sign here, more people will notice it and will bring in more customers.
This ship accident involving a crash into an iceburg left more than 300 dead or injured.
Wrap your new books after you buy them home, or else they'll get damaged soon.
The poker game kids love most is Old Maid as it is easy to play, fun, and exciting.
I have to express my gratitude to my teacher for inspiring me; without him, I would not have won this award.
You greedy eater, nothing can cheer you up like eating do.
You paid five hundred dollars for oranges? Were you bewitched by a ghost?
It is definitely OK to eat popcorn in the cinema, but don't chew it that loud.
That jerk is just bluffing. Grill him further and he will spit out the truth.
The ticketing website is down again. How am I supposed to buy my tickets?
The carcass has to be rinsed before delivery for sale.
He's so impulsive that he's always not thinking about the consequence before he does something.
He had to retake his school year because he took sick leave for half a year.
My grandma's last wish is to donate her possession to build an orphanage.
Sometimes, the paparazzi will resort to every conceivable means in order to have their photo taken.
Again, my freedom of speech is brutally violated by the government, it is as if I am living in a police state.
He tricked her into opening that page with pictures of cockroaches, knowing that she's scared of them. He's such a jerk.
There are only nine hundred and something poems written by Li Bai that have been handed down until today.
It's so hot. Don't get exposed in strong sun outdoors, for fear of heat stroke.
He softened his tone after realizing that he had no bargaining chips left.
He doesn't have the guts to deal with things head on but runs away at the slightest hint of danger.
You all will be responsible for the front. I'll cover the rear end.
Perhaps because I stayed up late yesterday night, it is just ten o'clock but I feel so tired already.
Beside the pharmacy rests a jewelry shop, next to it lies another one, its neighboring one is still a jewelry shop.
The arms race is one of the causes of the outbreak of WWI.
So you've been learning go for three years and now you wish to challenge me? You're just an amateur, you stupid piece of shit.
"When are we having the meal?" "It's too early to talk about that."
The police has issued an arrest warrant for a Putonghua-speaking middle-aged man who is suspected of drug trafficking.
This candidate is stupid and that is dumb. How can I choose among them?
The best place to live is indeed our district.
One must save for a rainy day in order to have a steady life in retirement.
It's hard to retain normal operations of the company's factory premises.
This chocolate truffle is very sweet but doesn't overwhelms your tongue, it's really good!
This complementary teaching materials focus on four aspects, namely, listening, speaking, reading and writing, of the English language.
Mody contributed a lot of time and money in the establishment of the University of Hong Kong, his contributions are immeasurable.
The queen of Sparta was known as the most beautiful woman in ancient Greek legends.
The property prices are too ridiculous. We still can't afford flats after decades!
The Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department catches approximately two hundred wild boars a year.
When sodium and chlorine chemically combine, they become sodium chloride - table salt used in eating.
He collects photos with girls as a hobby; he has a huge collection on his Facebook.
Don't think too much. Focus on exam preparation.
That movie really creeps me out so much that I just have a cold sweat.
The boss saw his employee got into trouble, so he fired that employee immediately.
As the saying goes, the best things are always hidden. I don't think I will die single.
He imitates the style of Picasso in producing this abstract painting.
The app is not functioning well, sometimes it can't get online.
Since no one is willing to do the task, then let me volunteer for it.
Relying on medicine for his illness for more than ten years, he has become familiar with the nature and side effects of the medicine.
They now fall behind by ten-something marks; they'll definitely lose.
Each governmental department works as self-contained and autistic units. The lack of inter-departmental communication has wasted a lot of resource.
This Friday we dated to dinner, I surely remember, I've marked it down, I've already booked the table moreover.
Go to register for part-time master degree quickly, deadline is coming.
Parallel imported goods are cheaper but there is no warranty. I have no idea where to send for repair if they are broken.
Every one of us is busy with each's own business that we can hardly spare some time meeting one another.
Things are chaotic on-site. The police are struggling to keep order.
After all he's your friend; you can't treat him like this.
That damn cop is such a pervert, he went after my best girlfriend after I rejected him.
Once if there's any sign of trouble, you guys should take care of yourselves.
I don't have much breast milk today. I can't provide milk to my baby to eat.
You have to notify the Inland Revenue Department if you move house.
He wanders all over the world. I can't tell when he will come back to Hong Kong.
Being busy from young til retirement, it's not surprise to have a romance in old age.
A-fung writes calligraphy and draws Chinese paintings with an ink brush well.
The forum's server has been down for two nights. The service is not available.
In trying to seek out her lost relatives, this old lady pawned the bracelet form her late mother, so as to afford an ad in the newspaper.
How can he make fun of suicide? He's gone too far this time!
His first girlfriend is much more beautiful than his wife.
The exam starts in 30 minutes; get a cab [for the trip to school]!
He didn't help at all during the project and now he come to share the credit.
While the business goes south during the epidemic, the property owners raise the rent. Aren't they fishing in troubled waters?
I'm stepping out for several minutes. Ring me on the mobile if anything.
Thank goodness that I have recovered from this cold, by merely drinking a lot of water, even without taking any medicines.
The government's revenue has gradually decreased over time, so she proposed collecting a sales tax.
Everyone must recognize good people or else he will be easily deceived.
Recently he's been working so hard to get rid of his nerdy way of living, now he looks so different than before.
How much money the cup costs doesn't matter; whether you like it does.
If he studies hard, he can get really good results.
A lot of Americans are still hostile to people of colour.
Nowdays people seldom enquire about their neighbours' well-being.
She hangs out in underwaist and skirt every day, grabbing the eyes of many boys.
During peak hours, a stream of vehicles move on the highway endlessly.
It is safer to use an electric kettle, since they automatically shut off when the water boils.
There was a traffic accident in Prince Margaret Road, so cross harbour traffic has ground to a halt.
Ever since I've got the graphic tablet, I didn't have to use my mouse to draw anymore.
You can handle these trifles alone!
No need for a sword. Just use Black Vortex (brand).
It is all your fault to make me bankrupt, if I cannot endure this problem, I will surely drag you to die before mine !
There're lots of fakes on the market, make sure there's a laser printed product label before you make any purchase!
If you don't want to learn something, at least go out to do some exercises, don't lay there doing nothing like a dead snake, even I'm the boss I don't want to hire you.
Don't be such a big spender. Remember that you are having a pay cut starting from next month.
Do you think the boss really appreciates your performance? You are just like a puppet to him.
A citizen criticized the Old Age Living Allowance for being the worst of both worlds at the consultation forum.
Wait for me, have my word. I'll definitely marry you when I'm back.
I still miss meals at home even when going overseas.
Citizens in the area have to undergo compulsory testing and stay within the area.
Someone rewrote the story about George Washington chopping down the cherry tree into a joke.
I'd rather not to watch the show, the touted tickets are three times the original prize!
The away team is sending big gift by scoring an own goal.
It's beyond my duties. Can I refuse to do it?
If there are political considerations in police investigations, then Hong Kong is finished.
That man has abused a few cats to death. What a psycho!
He is still proud of that gold medal he got on the sports day in his junior school days.
The sales of the album has already exceeded 100,000 copies.
I did not take biology in high school—only chemistry and physics.
You suddenly brought so many friends for dinner, making me get into a fluster.
He brought the basketball to the restricted area already. Why doesn't he shoot the ball?
There is no fucking need to go buy pussies as nowadays girls are expected to do blow and rim jobs during sex.
I have known him for years, we are good business partner.
We went back on defense swiftly in order not to give the opposite side any chance to attack as possible.
Visibility is very low in these few days, all I can see from my window is fog.
He entered our company only a day earlier than me. How could he be more senior than me?
What are you plotting this time? Do you want to kill us all?
Here, buy stock number 9999, I promise you will be rich as hell.
They collected some money from members as their expenses.
The pain-killer you took was merely a stopgap. You should get to the root and find out why often have a headache.
I have tried many times, but I still get stuck in this level of the game.
We should try our best to develop and promote our findings established from many days of research.
The last time the stock market crashed I lost nearly a million. I was absolutely devastated.
We still saw each other one year after graduation, but afterwards we lost contact since she has left for the US.
Something's wrong with the computer. Does it have a virus?
This year's fund-raising activities were organised by him single-handedly.
The principal visited the new canteen in person today to try out the rice with barbecued pork.
We all feel sorry for people in need, that why all of us will help them.
To enhance the unified image of our company, staff should wear uniform to come to work starting from next month.
The code name of this police mission is "Cold War".
According to the existing locus, I projected a loss in the coming year for the company.
Why are you so stupid that you understand nothing!
I have never seen any young girl as serious as you.
She was a dog raised in a construction site. When she was small, she was attacked. Her head was badly injured and bleeding heavily.
Just look at the state of our football team—it's a disorganised mess. If it goes on like that, we have no chance of ever getting back to Division 1.
This guy is no match for the other. The game is not worth watching.
During SARS, the shopping malls were deserted and business is at a new low point.
Our campaign to the west is a tremendous success; we have already recovered seventy percent of lost territory.
Legend has it that the Guangxu Emperor was poisoned to death by Empress Dowager Cixi.
The protesters marched from the Victoria Park to the Central Government Offices.
He is precise and conscientious in every procedure of this production.
You two, look, if you want to mock an argument, do it quietly.
Singing, dancing, and playing mahjong are some of the most common pastimes of elderly people in nursing homes.
There are 15 minutes left till the game ends. Time for the manager to change the tactics.
There must be two technicians when entering the lift shaft.
After the renovation, the building returns to its original state finally.
Once he entered the company, he moved rapidly up the corporate ladder.
The owner of that restaurant who used to cheat his employees now end up begging on the street as if punished by divine retribution.
I gave you ten dollars to help me buy a newspaper that's worth six dollars but you just returned three dollars change. And you dare say you didn't cheat money from me!
Ah-kit can tell stories in a lively and vivid way so children like him very much.
Yesterday I ran into A-chung by chance, seeing him buy Moe anime girl dolls.
Rickshaws are a transport used in the past.
The bathtub in my house is white that it is easy to notice stains.
He was already going bald at 20 and later he became a young bald man.
After being released from the prison, he has turned over a new leaf. Give him a chance.
Finally she can represent Hong Kong to play in the match this time.
You should stop being so bull-headed, and start listening to others' advice.
This car did not just breakdown by chance; it's been a long time since its last major inspection.
This is our family's issue, do you think there's any place for you outsider to make carping comments ?
My radio is kinda broken. It is very prone to making crackling noises.
The five senses can help us to know more about the world.
When society is torn apart, everybody loses. It's time to change.
Water samples taken from Dongjiang River are found to contain a high level of lead.
People with trouble in their romantic relationship often get trapped in figuring out the reason of the death of the relationship.
We now have Liza to sing for us.
He died in hospital at the age of 89 last Friday.
His title is Justice of the Peace—so impressive!
This player is our ace. We'll depend on him in this match.
Although he is a manager, he should discuss important decisions with the boss. He can't be so arrogant and make all the decisions by himself.
I need to return to the office within two hours after the typhoon warning signal is cancelled.
The bed in the hotel is too soft that I don't sleep well. It's not as comfy as at home.
Here are rich prizes, we have one million Lover Sushi.
You are lying! I saw you eating the cake with my own eyes.
He does not respect or treasure you, you'd better ignore him!
May only wants to look for a spouse providing lifelong financial support; she does not care about whether her spouse is her true love.
If you buy a notebook computer from me, this mouse will be a gift to you, good deal isn't it?
Who'd have thought that cookies can be used to build a picture? Isn't this genius?
Society was peaceful and prosperous in the first half of the year, but in the second half of the year many people went bankrupt and committed suicide.
She finally said yes after our persuasion.
You should arrive at the airport two hours before the take-off time.
We were about to go barbecue, but then it started to rain.
Is the South China Football Team skilled enough to play in the Bundesliga, La Liga or EFL Championship?
If you give up now, can you still face your companion?
This player can keep the ball very closely to his feet while dribbling, brilliant.
He always keeps his thoughts deep in his mind and would not tell others.
I love to swim breast stroke the best, as I can swim very comfortably!
After the earthquake, rescue efforts must be the primary concern and begin at once.
Telepathy is the supernatural power that I want most.
I always ride stationary bicycle while watching television.
Chiu picked a phone, but by surprise the owner mistaken him as the thief.
After the disabled toilet incident, Coffee seems likely to have a depressing future in her career as a performer.
By what means can I see him?
Mr Lau is obsessed with money. He is willing to do anything for it.
As soon as I get home, the most comfortable thing to do is to drop down on the sofa.
He is hated by everyone. He is extremely arrogant yet incapable.
This news will make a strong impact on the stock market.
During World War II, Nazi Germany initiated ethnic cleansing of the Jews.
They have been on intimate terms recently. Maybe they just began the relationship?
Don't blame Ka-ming anymore. In your days, didn't you behave impetuously without a second thought?
Persons with mobility imparment may ask our staff for assistance.
I have not been doing exercise for a long time and so my physical capability gets much worse.
I had told you not to meddle with my affairs. You are just shooting yourself in the foot.
Under the One Child Policy of China, most children are the only child in their families.
Don't dream of winning the Mark Six. Be practical, get yourself a job.
He has been learning Judo for a long time. He is now a Ten-dan master.
Looking at all the things that need to be done, I really want to put everything out of my mind and go play computer games instead.
I am empathetic for you, but I can't even take care of myself now. I'd really want to but there is no way I could help.
Why do they earn big money after they dropped out, but I work at McDonald's after I dropped out?!
That woman used her mobile phone to take pictures of the jurors inside the court. She was charged with contempt of court by the judge.
It's hot. I should eat a bowl of pomelo and sago in mango soup.
This place is so noisy, I can't hear what you say.
It's one of the nicest things in life that happened to me to have you as a colleague.
You say he's handsome but he's so ugly – you must be blind!
The teacher called in sick today; we'll have a remedial lesson next week.
Rural organizations are the precursors of certain Rural Committees or Kaifong Associations.
The Hang Seng Index rose 900 points today, which technically signifies the beginning of the bull market. We predict that it could reach 40000 next week, but beware of the risk that it may also fall to as low as 10000 points.
Stop flailing about the living room. You keep blocking my view of the TV.
Because of this, our head has lost his prestige. He's in big trouble.
The baby survived after being buried under the landslide for a week. Amazed, everyone who knew that praised the miraculous baby.
Don't act all cocky just because you passed your grade 8 piano exam. Grade 8 achievers are everywhere these days.
A-na has been recruited by talent scouts. She's so attractive, and has such a sweet voice. She'll be very famous and popular for sure!
That airline company has a promotional campaign. A ticket from Hong Kong to Okinawa is just HKD1000. What a great buy!
This game show gives out a lot of prizes. You surely won't come back empty-handed.
He is one of the excitable sorts and roaring laughter is his signature.
We can't just await our doom! Let's come up with something.
You really can't tell whether that guy is a good person by his look. He might be deceiving you.
He was just saying that he was exhausted, yet still he finds the strength to leap for a seat while boarding the metro.
The hare was in the lead, but then fell asleep. Consequently, the tortoise overtook the hare.
The standard issue handgun of the Hong Kong Police Force is a revolver with six rounds of ammo.
Councillors stress they will reject the ordinance, and won't U-turn.
Although she is a famous star, she played a minor role in the movie. It is rumoured that she is unhappy about the arrangement.
She is so good at chess that a few of my pieces were captured at the very beginning.
It is important to equip oneself with a skill other than studying.
The managers are distributing manpower to prepare for a big project.
SARS is such a horror show because it is extremely infectious.
The next has just be seated when I made my order, now that they are in the middle of their meal and my food has yet to be on my table, isn't it those who come last get served first?
I have set a new record for myself. I have traveled for 7 times this year.
"Which cup is which?" "This one is less sweet, and this one is normal."
Don't waste your words, he is too stubborn to listen to you.
Even in a bob hairstyle, Lam-lam can still capture my heart.
All of them are just pretending, not with their true heart at all!
If you want to save money while travelling, you will have no choice but to stay in youth hostels.
Ah Lung is such a lewd person. He is always very handsy with pretty women.
Tai-Man is now editing pics. I'll tell him to call you back once he finishes.
Which of these two drawings do you prefer at first sight?
As a public figure, he really should show some self-restraint.
Police officers, both uniformed and plain clothes, were scattered around the airport on surveillance duty.
Our family has some financial issues, therefore I will have to suspend my studies temporarily.
Don't tag me please, this photo isn't nice.
I hate tying my shoes, and switched to wearing slip-ons.
A-chung went to learn beekeeping. He ended up stung so badly he got sent to the hospital.
"Half of 'shoe' stands for 'woe', hard times! And the other half stands for 'shine', good times!" said the Cobbler Chan.
I suggest we order a set meal, as we have so many persons, any objection? If no then I'll confirm the order.
It can be said that "5 Centimeters per Second" is a work which integrates most of Makoto Shinkai's elements.
The belief that women would do better without being educated should be eradicated as soon as possible.
Our boss has sloppy shoulders. You don't want to be working under him.
They are only dating and are not considering marrying yet.
The gist of this notice is to remind employees to wash their hands frequently.
Prof. Chan is a scholar passionate about teaching.
The yearly crazy sale has started once again!
This's a dad joke, why you are laughing?
The stock market crisis? It's nothing. Take it easy! The worst would be us starting over!
It's fine when you two were arguing against each other, but why would you drag me in and call me fat?
I haven't watched 'The Greed of Man' yet. Don't spoil it for me!
I just ordered a watch online, and before I knew it, it was delivered to me.
You helped me a lot, I don't even have the words to thank you.
You sleep late every day. As time passes, your health will be affected.
From this matter, I understood how ugly human nature is.
I don't hone a washing machine at home. All my laundries are taken to the launderette for washing.
It's okay if you can't save for a down payment, because you have father's deed.
Stabbed by the killer, the victim screamed in agony and died.
All of the above-mentioned films won Oscars for best actor.
That garbage school never encouraged its basketball players, but as soon as the team succeeded, the school rushed out to claim all the glory for itself.
You've played so many rounds of this game, don't you think that's enough already?
His entire family is addicted to gambling. They even go to Macau to gamble sometimes.
Your messy mop of hair makes you look lethargic and unenergetic. Do something about it!
He just criticizes everything as he can, always solely nitpicking but contributing nothing at all.
That ship is so lucky that having survived the terrifying, rough sea, it finally arrived at its destination.
Public transport operators should provide barrier-free facilities, so as to enable more people with disabilities to use public transport and integrate into society.
The swindler cheats even grannies, damn him!
He showed limitless courage in the face of his disability caused by this accident.
I'm hard up at the moment, how would I have the money for entertainment?
Haters gonna hate, just be yourself!
This website has very few visitors, it cannot profit from advertisements.
He is not serious that I can't imagine he is a teacher.
It turns out that the woman who washes dishes doesn't get paid extra for delivering the takeout orders.
In the old days, people indulged in smoking opium and did not bother to work properly.
I've finally made a successful phone call after ten attempts. Where are you now?
You don't know how do to anything, it's like you've got all ten fingers twisted up.
You haven't even officially become a part of our family, and you're already so arrogant. How are you ever going to get along with my mum?
I haven't heard from Ah Ming for a while, so I thought he wasn't coming tonight if you didn't tell me.
The audience gradually left the stadium after the show ended.
He was gambling at the mahjong parlour with no cash on him, and got beaten up for not being able to pay after losing a game.
Up to now, this school has a 80 year of history.
This batch of products is shoddy. What's wrong with the factory?
If the concert venue is too crowded, accidents will happen easily.
Many people don't appreciate the happiness that they have in their life. In fact, growing up in a place without wars is already very fortunate.
He has only got one day left. I doubt he has other tricks up his sleeve.
Since the policies of this company are antiquated and its working environment is stagnating, I am thinking about quitting my job.
I remember he is a very kind person.
According to my visual inspection, this obtuse angle should have almost 120 degrees.
I love living in the city centre. The well-developed transportation network allows me to get to other places easily.
Inhaling excessive carbon monoxide will severely damage the heart.
Fever, headache and running nose are the symptoms of a cold.
There was once I returned her call late. I got hardly grilled that night.
Based on my understanding, if you resign now, you will have to pay a month's salary to the company.
He is already in his twenties, and his mannerism resembles a toddler.
They chat so happily that they are likely to get along quite well.
You are such a careless person. We can hardly trust you with anything.
When I see her showing off the relationship with her boyfriend again, I'll look sideways at her!
I spent the whole day with four 7-year-old kids. I am now exhausted.
This music concert is desolate, with just a few audience.
Nowadays retro is trendy. Those hipsters prefer to dress like old ladies instead.
No matter how much he despised that candidate, he had to vote for her, reluctantly, for the greater good.
He thought the box of pastels that I bought him doesn't have enough colours.
Since he played below par this time, he lost the medal which he supposed to get easily.
Most toxins are naturally excreted from the body.
He is an upstanding person. You can't bribe him.
Remember to take the deed of the house to the law firm to complete the formalities.
Don't you think you're her boyfriend. You are just a "gun jam bing" to her, you idiot.
When I switched the chemical fertilizer, my flower started to wilt.
He put the vase in a box with the utmost care.
My purse was nicked, but I was lucky that I slipped some cash under my socks.
I have heard that there were treasures in the Cheung Po Tsai Cave.
Whenever he sees news of calamities, he donates to victims anonymously.
They got married after graduation and gave birth to two children afterwards.
She stands aloof from conflicts and cares nothing about workplace politics.
I need some time to process the theory that the teacher talked about.
I thought she was giving me a gift so I thanked her, but it turns out she only wanted me to hold it for her. So embarrassing!
Do you know who Siu Ming is? The one who is girlish.
Stream of conscience is a kind of narrative device of literary modernism.
The war scenes depicted in this movie are really true to life.
If you don't lead me, I will definitely lose my way.
A pushes the issue to B, B pushes it to C, then C pushes it back to A, but they have only oral agreement but no paper work to prove, everyone holds to their own statement, there's seems to be no truth can be found.
Russia has chilly weather, take care and not to catch a cold.
I didn't eat much today, I just ate a boiled egg this morning and that's all I had today.
He visits me often and cares about me so much.
Has that bitch hidden some secret money that I don't know?
Just put the goods causally at the corner first. We will categorize them after the rack is set.
Only reducing emission is insufficient to control rising global temperature.
I've told you to speak softly. Now that we've been kicked out, I feel so embarrassed!
In fact, this is normal but mostly young girls wear like this.
The district I live in is not very safe, I always need to keep my guard up.
He planned to immigrate to Canada, so he sold all his shares.
He comes here for afternoon tea every day, just because he wants to see the daughter of the shopkeeper.
It's a big trial that wears the 6-inches high heel to dance.
You must by all means possible deliver this document to the client in 2 hours.
Nerds are usually rejected by their peer groups.
Office towers and high-rises do not make communities—it's the people and businesses within them that do.
Would you not scold your younger brother so often? He's already quite well-behaved.
Are you selling second-rate products to me so that the price is so low?
I almost got killed in a car accident a year ago. Now I'm still frightened when I think of it!
I really couldn't expect this car is so expensive but so fragile:it broke into pieces in a single crash.
He stares into the void, only to find the void not that interesting.
Hey, he is the one in charge of that thing. Why the hell is it relevant to me?
Pardon my ignorance. Would you care to explain?
The fibre found on the victim is identical to the one found on the suspect.
This useless guy doesn't know how to do anything! Why don't you fire him?
This concert was absolutely spectacular, and quite possibly unprecedented and unrepeatable.
Table tennis is actually a rather popular sport. Most foreigners play the game.
Did you watch the lunar eclipse last night? It was a total eclipse, and the Moon had turned red.
I am called upon this just before the deadline, I wouldn't be able to handle it even if I had three heads and six arms.
I will make him suffer until he's broken and his reputation is swept away and he can never make it back up.
A-chung tried to defend what he said, but A-ming pointed out his fallacy with just one statement.
It is hard to play the oboe, it gets out of tune easily.
I emailed you a file a minute ago. Can you check to see if you got it?
There are still few minutes until dinner time, I'm having a tea set for my dinner.
The winner of the inter-school debating competition is St. La But again! It is, as expected, a strong school in debating.
It's his first time delivering a speech on the stage. He's too nervous and keeps stuttering.
Speak softly. Don't scare the children off.
I sold the vase at a cheap price and then someone told me that it is an antique. I regret it so much!
This news has severely damaged her pride.
He has been at this company for over ten years; he's been here so long that he lacks enthusiasm and does everything halfheartedly.
The plot of this drama is complicated. It's hard to explain in such a short time.
This loan company count the rate day by day, the rate multiple on rate can make the debt very heavy.
Here comes Mr Chan to the rescue! He's willing to lend us money!
Today's topic: Should high school students date?
He tried to evade the police by hiding in a secret place.
All the flats are so expensive. How are we supposed to enjoy our lives?
Only those how have divorced wear the ring on their little finger.
He always makes us laugh. What a humorous man!
Because of the high inflation, we had to use Hong Kong dollar to purchase in China at that time.
You have suddenly changed all the rules, how can we adapt to it?
He clad himself with multiple jackets and blouses, to the point that he looked like a reverse snowman.
The monitor has an extremely high resolution which allows you to enjoy HD movies.
You made my shirt so wrinkled, how can I go to work later on!
Don't waste money at fancy restaurants. A simple, casual meal will do.
Why are there used tissues everywhere? There is a bin in here.
Let me know when you are on the bus, I would come down to the bus stop and pick you up.
They are already settled down, they won't be affected by this incident.
Without going through an intermediary, one can pocket all the profit and earn much more.
This whole Korean pop-culture thing is just a fad. People will forget it soon.
If you don't behave yourself, you dad will teach you a lesson when he gets back.
With the salary so low, I might as well not do this job.
We also advocate children-oriented policies in order to guarantee their rights.
After having a good sleep, he's so full of energy.
You think I really care? I couldn't care less.
A-chung just went bankrupt. Now he is having a tough time.
He's always wearing gold necklaces and bracelets. He seems to be afraid that people don't know he's rich.
Although my work is tough, my sons are the motivation that keeps me going.
Ew! Our baby's poop smells really bad.
This film is so successful as the screenwriter-director has paid so much effort on it!
The first step of garnishing: Put your food at the centre of a big plate.
When the dog saw us, it wagged its tail very happily.
Your mic is giving out some piercing noises, try talking with your mic slightly away from your mouth.
I put my keys along with my phone, and the monitor was scratched accidentally.
A-na is going to hang out around Tsim Sha Tsui with her girlfriends.
After one's death, the spiritual essence will leave the body.
You are very petite, but indeed are unexpectedly helpful.
He is always snooping others' correspondence in the hope of finding the goods on others.
How will you ever lose weight if you go for a soft drink after every jog? That's eight teaspoons of sugar per can!
Women should call for help if they are harassed by a sex maniac. They should not remain silence because of embarrassment.
After she resigned, she wrote a very long letter to the boss in order to vent her piled-up grievances in these years.
Her explanation is unreasonable and not self-explanatory.
A-chung look all energetic and high after placing first in the exam.
Decades ago men took all the parts and women were not allowed to perform in traditional Chinese operas.
I can handle the meeting tomorrow, as I've got well prepared already. Keep calm.
These days I can sleep until I wake up naturally. That feels great.
If he refuses to move out, even though you are annoyed, you can do nothing about it.
It is the best to burn all you want to hide with a torch of fire.
Get the wrapping paper out now! That's not part of the candy!
The police in Taiwan is investigating into why the dust explosion happened.
This manga is so amazing, when will it resume publication?
In "Dream of the Red Chamber", poetry works were added as foreshadowing to imply the fate of characters.
No matter how hard the old lady pleaded, the staff insisted on fining her. They are so hard-hearted and inhumane.
Remember to dispose of stagnant water so as to avoid the breeding of mosquitoes.
The rockets from North Korea are clearly in low quality. It explodes in the sky even before it reaches the atmosphere.
Seemingly under the influence of something otherworldly, I wrote this novel.
The whole shopping mall is devoid of human life, it is really creepy.
You are such a grown-up but still cry over trivial things, it's so embarrassing of you.
Do you really come for the lecture? You're chitchatting all around here.
It is disgusting of you to snatch your childhood friend's lover.
This surgery requires prolong attention, you need to check back at the clinic every week for five years.
He doesn't talk much usually. Today is a rare case that he discuss with us.
He's attentive, talented, handsome, etc., of course he'd be popular.
Keep walking ahead, turn right at the traffic lights, and walk 100 metres more to get there.
This math problem reaches HKCEE level.
My contract is ending soon. I wonder if my boss would renew it with me.
Seeing as it's your first offense and you show regret, I will give you a lenient sentence.
It was a one-sided match, a 7-1 landslide win with the only conceded goal an own goal.
I cannot read maps; this really baffles me!
He won't help you unless you give him something in return.
The air in the urban area is so polluted and stagnant, which makes me sneeze whenever I go out.
The authorities cremated the body within eight days that the family members had no way to investigate the cause of the death.
The boss likes the new singer for the record label so much that he provides her many opportunities to appear in public.
You can't sing! To join the singing contest is to make a fool of yourself.
He is no average Joe. You can tell by how his funeral had both visitors from the gangs and that from the police.
Boss is buying us dinner tonight, why aren't you coming?
I feel very bad about the dinner with mother-in-law last night.
For his next generation's future, he decided to emigrate.
My target is to be a baseball expert who is able to strike a home run!
She bought a record of the "Little Jazz Diva" two days ago.
Secretary, can you answer my previous question.
He is so severely injured from the beating, that he might be handicapped.
I bought a lot of stocks because I have had first-hand news that the central bank would lift the interest rate.
Whenever I was in trouble, he would come forward with help.
This guy is so crafty. He cheated in the card game.
"Jesus" is the name of his body , while "Christ" is his title.
They have been in a relationship for almost 10 years. It's time to get married.
Classmates don't want to form a group with him; he is now an isolated person.
Buying crops harvested from the local area can effectively reduce our carbon footprint.
He has got a lot of fish scale on his shoes. Would he be a fisherman?
A great mother is willing to scarifice herself to save her children.
That room can hold at most ten people .
I love you because I truly love you, not because of your money.
I wanted to have two children, but I'm afraid I can't afford it.
After the earthquake, everybody felt for the victims' families.
We have a long weekend today so we've got Saturday off.
A young lady was arrested for abandoning her newborn baby outside a children's home.
He often forgets that he has moved to the coast. There was one time he had the audacity to have an afternoon nap during a number 8 typhoon.
It takes 10 minutes straight to the West Rail station by taking MTR bus.
They are kindred spirits, so they can chat endlessly.
Please be careful and don't leave troubles for me.
Due to his religious beliefs, he had been a virgin until marriage.
During the exam, Ms Chan stares at the students, making sure they're not cheating.
What you acquire is insufficient for you to teach others at all. Don't you ever worry that you'll be mocked?
The Catholic Church sent their members of the clergy to China for missionary work for many times.
The trunks of these two banyan trees are entangled with each other, that's why it's called the lover's tree.
The robbers escaped in a car after successfully carrying out the crime.
We deeply admire the athletes' absorbed performances on the sports ground.
You'll be the watchman, and we will sneak in. Warn us on the walkie-talkie if anyone comes.
The exam is going to take place next week, and he has been swotting up all the syllabus every day until midnight.
Don't be mad! You two are fine.
The bridge collapsed a few days after the completion. It is clearly jerry-built!
Their wedding is coming. If you have to go to their banquet, don't travel in the meantime.
The school asked him to learn a musical instrument. He chose to play violin.
Don't be so impulsive. Buying house is a big thing so you need to think it thoroughly.
Wow, your mom is listening to the latest song. I didn't know that she is in the swim!
In Hong Kong, fluorides are added into tap water to prevent tooth decay.
My long-cherished goal is to travel once around the world.
In villages medicine and facilities are insufficient, and kids are likely to die early.
Since you are going to that place, it doesn't matter to take your sister there as well, right?
It's only the second day of the Lunar Year—not even Cek Hau yet—and I'm already scolding people on the Internet.
He casually picked up two of them for me, and told me to go home and make congee with those.
He walked all over the opponent in the whole game, I guest there's no way he can lose.
The twin girls are very much alike. Those who don't know them would easily mix them up.
The lunar new year is approaching. Where would you be shopping around?
Reading the map is a basic ability when studying geography.
Lady, your stuff has been blocking the road, how are the others supposed to get through?
This highway will be closed for three weeks to undergo road re-surfacing works.
"Three for $100, deal?" "Deal."
He's rich. He's got several Mercedes at home.
I swim and jog every day, hoping to lose weight by applying both methods at the same time.
Geographical knowledge is really useful when we read a map.
Just admit that you made a fool of yourself, like it's not the first time this happened.
Watson, you manage to see past the blind spot again, this case is moving forward.
This shop has opened for nearly 30 years, it has a long-established reputation.
Based on the agreement, the two boxers have to sign the death waivers before they fight.
He is called the Central doombringer, destroying whichever company he was in.
He has a loose tongue, don't ever share secrets with him.
He threw a challenging glance around the table.
The baby girl is not mine, I just help my friend look after it.
The excess energy in our body will accumulate as fat.
The girls are very garrulous. They like chatting the most.
Honesty leads to poverty. Trickery gives you a life of luxury.
The prince and the princess lived happily ever after.
There are many construction projects here. One of them is the building of a shopping mall.
How could a cockroach have gotten into the sealed jar?
She slept with 7 guys within 3 days, what a slut.
He affirmed that the extinction of dinosaurs was caused by a massive meteorite, citing research about recovered fossils.
As a foreigner, she speaks Cantonese quite fluently.
The two of them dine together every day. They must have an affair.
His fashion style is rather peculiar, some might not find it acceptable.
Gonna have exam next month, it has really stressed me out!
Happy time flies, it's time to say bye!
As long as you have done enough preparation work, you can work smoothly and easily.
It's really boring to just keep on working like this, I want a vacation soon!
The last time we had a meal together was already 3 years ago.
I realised I have done that Math question wrongly just at the end of exam.
The body of that police who died on duty will be buried in a civil servant cemetery.
She hired a private investigator to look into her husband's whereabouts.
The fishing rod is moving fiercely.  There must be a fish!
It is unfortunate for them to meet these nemesis at the gate event.
The government press release said that the news being spread on the Internet is a rumor.
There are protesters at the gate of government headquarters because of electoral reformation. Meanwhile, in New Territories, there are  rallies of the same agenda.
My notebook is so thick and so heavy.
Lots of colourful pictures are used as decoration in the academic journal.
The original poster hasn't replied us for so long that he may have vanished from this world.
I have been working with you for so long, so I know you well.
Will you plan your trip before you go?
Her only son died in an accident and made her completely hopeless.
You think you are a prophet? You just have hindsight.
Many enter the venue exclusively for taking photos with pretty models.
The trousers weren't really big enough in the first place, and they even shrank when I washed them.
When you should leave the world, how would you like to distribute your wealth?
You go first, I'll back you up if there's a problem.
Take it as a good lesson learnt.
What benefit is he giving you to make you so obedient to him?
You're my good friend, of course I'll help you.
It's heard that the tutor surnamed Li is strict in marking/grading.
The room is so messy. You should tidy up your room.
He charges only two hundred dollars for making a website. That's just "creating a rotten market"!
You seldom sleep at night, your face is going to resemble the surface of the moon.
I paid $3000 in advance for the company. Here are the receipts.
If this gains publicity, I'm afraid I won't be able to help you.
Oxygenated blood flows from the lungs to the heart, and is then transported to each part of the body through the aorta.
The tyrant imposed so many taxes, that the people are suffering miserably.
Amid the blazing summer, many couples love to go to the beach and play in the water.
Around 1970s, most boat people in Hong Kong already moved to live on land.
This girl escaped from North Korea and published a book.
Among the various sports activities, swimming is my strongest activity.
If inflation in the United States persists, the Fed would have no choice but to raise rates earlier than expected.
Mr. Chan only had a short conversation with the cashier girl, and that made his wife upset.
She has taken the weight-losing medicine for only one week but she already looks very peaky.
The barbecue place is a sheltered area. No problem even if it rains.
Die-hard fans rushed the stage and disrupted the concert.
Symphony can weaken the front-line morale, simply is a weapon that kills unnoticed.
It is dangerous to work as a spy. Do you think it is easy to be stuck between both the gangs and the police?
Both of them were missing before lunch. Holy shit!
I'm begging you, please give me a bun to eat! I haven't eaten for three days already!
My mom used to draw her own tailor patterns and buy cloth to make my school uniform. It was so much cheaper than buying it from the tailor's.
Ever since the father died in an accident, the mother and the son had been dependent on each other for survival.
His boyfriend is too infatuated with her, and deprived her of personal freedom by wanting to see her every minute.
An entire stack of assignments for me to finish, aw!
What a strange thing, today I saw someone wearing the same clothes as me.
It's our greatest honor to have our president with us here.
Don't tell anyone else about this as I have only told it to you.
Buying up this company is his smokescreen.
My office has accumulated a lot of documents. It's time to tidy it up.
There has been a promotion since the store just opened. 15% off on everything!
I will do it regardless of the consequences.
After renovation, the system can run more efficiently.
I set people up all the time but didn't expect how a smart guy like me would to be set up one day.
There were altogether four participants including me in the race, and I got the bronze medal.
The bank has to verify your signature before letting you get into its vault.
I'm busy playing a game, so stop getting in the way with your hands waving all around beside me. It's so annoying.
Whenever my friends come to visit Hong Kong, wonton noodles is the only the must-try food I recommend.
His friends always make fun of his fatness.
This blog has uploaded a lot of anecdotes of celebrities that people commonly do not know.
Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and Singapore are called the "Four Asian Dragons".
The police fired rubber bullets at the reporter's head. The reporter almost got shot.
This noodle restaurant was set right beside the garbage station, it is hard to have customers.
As a class monitor, Siu Ming should set a good example to others.
Long as the boss's wife wields the power here, it is very unlikely that we will get a raise.
Collusion between officials and businessmen would severely harm the government's credibility.
There're only ten days left before the exam. You should start doing your revision as soon as possible!
What method will you use to buy the tickets to the football match?
Echoing others' words in your own essay without attributing a source is plagiarism.
If you naughty little shit keeps yelling, I will kill you!
The defendant claimed that he had a pleasant sensation while killing.
He is so hardworking that I think he will definitely finish his book within three months.
It breaks my heart every time to see news stories of people abusing animals.
He is really sophisticated. You can learn a lot of social skills if you work with him.
It's beautiful there. You should go and take a look if you have the chance.
He did't seek help from doctors when he was sick. Unsurprisingly, he died a few days later.
Your results of this term improved a lot.
The students lack individual character, as if they were produced from the factory using a press machine.
He is a magnanimous person, he doesn't haggle over trivial issues with the kids.
Can you stop fidgeting? It's so annoying.
Please pay immediately, no more excuses!
The sports team didn't perform as good as they usually do, so they lost it to their opponent this time.
You can turn into the lane ahead, it is a short cut that you can save a lot walking.
The set meals aren't worth the money and we don't really like the dishes, let's eat à la carte.
He said he saw somebody in the store room, but I think it's just his illusion.
The motor company just quoted a price for fixing my car, I found it quite expensive.
Rub it with alcohol, then you will be able to remove the sticker mark.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry has again expressed opposition to the crude intrusion into China's domestic policies by foreign powers.
Patient who missed the appointment must show a new doctor's referral letter to make another appointment.
Putting the agreement in writing will protect everyone's rights.
You're so weird! You just said that you don't like that thing. But after you left, you want to buy it!
Although this is a small hotel, the General Manager makes a great effort to create a warm and cosy atmosphere.
There were at least twenty tables in the baby's one-month-old party. She was passed around like a human ball.
The Taoist priest claims he knows how to perform tricks and see the results of the next Mark Six draw.
Not everyone is bold enough for a ride on the transparent carriage cable car.
Generally, the speed of sound in air is 343.2 m/s.
Chinese University and Hong Kong University are the two universities that have coats of arms.
For three nights in a row, Ah-Chung kept playing video games without sleep. This morning, he suddenly collapsed in a seizure. Then he was sent to the hospital.
Such wives should be divorced, shouldn't they?
This lawsuit may trigger a constitutional crisis and undermine governmental trust.
Hold tight and don't loosen your grip! I'm coming to help you now!
They've tried for five years but still haven't got a baby, at last they went to a doctor for an inspection, then they found the wife to be infertile.
My professor said I was brilliant that I can even solve such complicated mathematical problems.
You are wetting yourself at school even at eight. How embarrassing!
Can you explain this question to me?
He has several girlfriends. I don't know how he could manage that.
Hong Kong has the world's highest number of skyscrapers.
I am completely different from him,  so we have almost nothing to talk about.
The government's web page covers the scope of governance in Hong Kong.
Kill the mosquito quickly, or we will be bitten by it again.
This university has produced a number of well-known mathematicians in the past few years.
A traffic accident took place two blocks ahead and caused a traffic jam.
I am bursting for a pee. Can you look after the stuff for me?
In your birth chart you got Money Star on the Post-horse position, this is your fate to  make a living by travelling all over the world.
Today is a big day, maybe I can break my vow somehow and drink two cups?
Stop hanging out with those fair-weather friends! It won't do you any good.
He was so remarkable in the old days. Excelled at studies. Great at sports. He even won a gold medal in the Asian games.
The kids spilled glue all over the floor. As I watched them do so, I felt very annoyed and disappointed.
She cares about ranking, if she is not in the first place, she will be upset.
This year, our alumni donated $10 million to our school for renovation of the school building.
I dislike him for a long time. It's time to get him screwed up!
After he announced to join and become the owner of this company, the stock price has increased by 50%.
Many says Traditional Chinese Medicine is devoid of side effects, is that real?
Don't speak like this; you would hurt her easily.
Due to Eason Chan Yik-shun's outstanding achievements in the music industry, his alma mater presented him with an Honorary Doctor of Arts.
Don't play the fool. I know you did it!
What's the point of complaining to me? I have no control over these things.
Mum works so hard because she just wants us to be outstanding in the future.
The interview this time focuses more on the daily life of this lecturer so as to let readers know more about his private side.
You had the courage to admit your mistakes. I'm proud of you.
You keep getting pneumothorax. Has the doctor talked to you about pleurodesis?
There is still not a definite answer for the causes of autism.
Stretching can improve the extensibility and elasticity of muscles.
When I was only three, my parents were already divorced.
The fast food restaurant was going south and withdrew from the market in Hong Kong at last.
It's "Everyone's Birthday" today. I wish you all a happy birthday and good health!
I had a fight with my girlfriend. Can I crash at your place tonight?
I'm her classmate too, but why doesn't she teach me that wholeheartedly?
Are you planning to wait downstairs for her to go out?
Such luxurious meal cannot be afforded by grassroots like us.
He made his girlfriend mad at him. Now he's trying to make up with her on the phone.
The answer is obviously wrong, how could you get an odd number from 4 times 6?
There are about 100 licensed pilots in Hong Kong to handle about 4500 ship movements per month.
Don't be fooled by his timid appearance. He is actually a champion runner, which is surprising.
We will not hold a wedding banquet, keeping the ceremony simple.
His criticism is always very implicit so as to avoid hurting others.
After the September 11 attacks, many people brought flowers to hold a memorial ceremony for the victims.
You keep on discussing the minor problem, it would be easy to lose focus in the central issue.
The proposal has to be submitted next week, are you able to finish it in time?
You talk in a cocky and condescending way all the time. When will you learn to become more humble?
There were uncountable dangerous scenes in this trip. Luckily, I survived it.
My hands are full. Can you do me a favour and help me put my wallet in your bag for now?
There is a maniac showing his genitalia to young girls in the park.
The word si-do-be-lei in Cantonese is a transliteration of "strawberry".
After this event, I got to know a lot of people.
My mum took the family on once my father had passed away.
You ignorant peasants. You can't obey every order from the government.
Just now, the instructor punished A-chung by making him run ten laps at the training ground. Result? A-chung was so weak he fainted halfway through.
A form 3 student having a relationship with a 45-year-old lady? Isn't that a typical case of "boiling-lotus-root"?
You'll hear a beep when you tap an Octopus card on the card reader.
A legislative councillor proposed lowering the application threshold for compulsory land sale from owning 90% of undivided shares in a lot to 80%.
I heard that he is dating a 40-year-old woman.
I wrote a letter to him a week ago. He has replied to my letter now.
Bill Gates and Warren Buffett often play bridge together.
The stock market is short of capital right now, everyone is expecting the government to proceed quantitative easing soon.
Gathering with close friends is pleasure.
His master plan for the country, after all, is loud but it does not work very well. It does not have much practical result.
Why were you so careless and fell down? Let daddy comfort you.
He spent only eight years behind bars for arson and killing two people in process. He even immigrated to Hong Kong and started a restaurant. Such a lack of divine retribution!
Earning $10,000 a month was a big deal 20 years ago.
You should eat some thin congee if you have diarrhoea. Don't eat rice.
Staying home to cook can be fun sometimes!
So you are a shotacon. No wonder why you always play with my younger brother.
Most kids believe that ghosts and monsters exist.
Your phone needs to connect to the internet in order to send or receive emails.
How hypocritical it is for the government to sponsor cultural development, yet worried about opposition from intellectuals.
Not until the reporter had asked her in depth again and again, was she willing to reveal the truth clearly.
Haven't seen her for such a long time, she looks somehow different.
He wanted to urge them not to fight, but unexpectedly caught a fist. Who could blame him!
You couldn't solve the problem by arguing every day and night. Why not sit down and talk peacefully instead?
When the election results were announced, his family and friends wired him to congratulate him on his high vote.
You'd better explain clearly again to him after he gets calm.
If you keep buying luxury goods, a higher salary will not make up for your expenses!
They have grown up with each other and are childhood friends.
The more I study history, the more it seems to me that world peace is just a distant, unreachable dream.
I will go in by myself, bring in the gang at the smallest sign of trouble.
I'm no longer young. I don't want to wait endlessly.
If I had known that it's cold today, I would wear a thermal underwear before going out.
Our boss has been roaring since the moment he came back this morning.
Don't weep, it's not good for others to see this.
Since Mrs. Cheung is experiencing domestic violence, all of her friends exhort her to divorce as soon as possible.
You need to know how to deal with people once you start working.
This government does things against the popular opinion. It surely wouldn't win people's hearts.
Neighbours in the community used to help each other, but nowadays they refuse to help those in urgent need. Their morals are degenerating.
The fabric will be constantly stirred in its vats during the process of dyeing.
Our school team has broken the record this year that we have medals in both men's and women's basketball matches.
External world is a problem of philosophy which is very worth of study.
What is this powder on the floor? Hurry up and sweep it away!
Taking electronic transport can reduce the emission of carbon dioxide.
This credit card only has $2000 credit limit, which is not very useful.
If you don't study well, you will be homeless in the future.
There are some middle-aged men staring at a shota who just left the school. Should we call the police?
Yuan shih-k'ai restored and maintained the imperial monarchy only for 83 days. After a few more months he died of illness.
It's so hard to apply for public rental housing! One hundred pieces of information are required, not to mention all those supporting documents!
I've arranged all the photos chronologically; please don't mess up the order.
That bitch must have caught wind that the lecherous big boss was going to give her a hard time today. That's why she dressed all sexy.
What grounds do you have for me needing to say sorry? I haven't done anything wrong.
I look after my younger brother when mum is out.
He was set free early for behaving well in prison.
He pricked the white flag up immediately when he found the situation was all messed up.
He treats me as a thorn in his side; he doesn't like anything I do.
Members of the parliament endlessly belabours him because of his abuse of power.
Hand sanitizers usually contain 70% to 80% of alcohol.
You don't know how to solve this math problem? Your dad teaches maths, doesn't he. You are so silly that you didn't ask him!
This chef is really good at his job, and guarantees good cooking.
We speak to each other honestly and never lie.
This tutorial center overcharges every customer. They put a price on everything.
Due to inflation, the construction cost of this runway has increased by ten percent.
To prevent skin cancer, remember to refrain from excessive sunlight exposure.
I have little personal connection at the new company. Getting promoted isn't that easy.
We are so happy tonight, there should be some celebration!
This place has been part of China's territory since ancient times.
He is innocent, but the judge misjudged that he committed a crime.
After being injected with a tranquiliser, he fell soundly asleep like a pig.
Polish your shoes before the interview. A pair of shiny shoes can leave people a positive impression.
This pot/plant has too many branches and leaves, it has to be pruned.
Below are some methods for reducing domestic waste.
Studies find that pangolins are potential intermediate hosts of the new virus.
An eyewitness said she heard a loud bang.
Your school bag is so heavy. Have you ever cleaned up its contents?
May the chairperson please present a souvenir to our honorable guest.
He swallowed a hamburger whole in one minute? You've got to be kidding me.
She became famous overnight after she joined the singing contest.
You must show your student card when you enter the library.
The police found a large amount of cocaine in his luggage.
How fortunate that I brought my umbrella! I would have gotten soaked if I hadn't.
I wanted to start keeping my diary, so I bought a diary from the bookstore.
With such financial loss, I wouldn't be surprised that I would be sent away with boxes as an example.
Everything has to be paid for; there is no free lunch.
You would know Ah-sze is well-bred person from her speech and behaviour.
Why is the speaker clipping like that? I'd better turn it off.
There's still a month before the final. Why have you lost your hope already?
This is my last exhortation to you. Take my advice or not, it's your call.
He is very smart and good at countering in every move.
His performance of martial arts is very natural and smooth.
The park in our neighborhood is often occupied by a group of teddy boys smoking there
I saw this newly published magazine, so I bought it to take a look, out of curiosity.
I won the Mark Six, this time I'm rich thanks to ancestors' blessing!
As a user of this brand, I am more than disgruntled by their after-sale services.
Do I look very old? Why calling me uncle!
He often makes business trip to China, travelling back and forth between two places.
The reason why he's in Japan is anybody's guess.
He has trouble falling asleep for the whole night, resorting to rolling back and fro on his bed.
This incompetent doctor has cheated dozens of people over a year.
He has nasal allergy for 30 years, but he has just recently discovered that the chief cause is pollen.
The spokesman reiterates that they would not compromise with terrorists.
You have worked seven days this week! When are you going to rest?
If you see me faint, you won't sit back and watch, right?
He is a man who never departs from his word, and he does what he has promised.
This shopping mall provides umbrella rental service.
You just got your salary and you say you're broke? Have you spent all of it to lay grass again?
Have those helicopter parents ever thought about their children's feelings?
Writers from all across the nation enthusiastically supported the "Write as you speak" campaign.
Now we are too busy that we cannot spare manpower to help you.
Even though you think she's pretty, you shouldn't have an inordinate desire towards her.
Have you sent the email to our client?
The motto of the story of Mantis stalking cicada is that a short-sighted person is completely ignorant to imminent danger in his pursuit of close gains.
The Ma On Shan Iron Mine was suspended in 1976.
To ensure the authenticity of the figures, the interview may be audio recorded, but the recorded data will only be used for internal reference. Shall we start the survey now?
I didn't have an invitation card, I just tried to sneak in.
Don't be sad. You can always find another girlfriend.
Why bother coming over? You could just ring me, couldn't you?
Our teacher gave us a tip and told us which questions would show up on the test.
Why that person can be re-employed after retirement?
If your Photoshop technique is good, you can transform an ugly girl to a beauty.
Don't be afraid, I'm with you. Or else share your fear with me.
Whenever I see you, I can't help but want to kiss you.
You are a grown up girl now. Keep in mind that you will have to take responsibility for your actions from now on.
Why are you being so hostile? I really don't know how to do this.
I wrote a computer program to count the number of primes between 2 and 100000.
It's really convenient to have a mobile phone, as we can contact each other any time, anywhere.
The spirit of separation of powers is to prevent concentration of power and to establish checks and balances.
The People's Liberation Army has a barrack in Kowloon Tong.
The Red team and the Green team are neck and neck. It's hard to tell who will win this match.
A-chung falsely accused me of stealing that cake, but everyone sees the cream at the corner of his mouth already.
I went to a boys' school in my adolescence. It is comparable to living in an abbey as a monk, I have never spoken to a girl before, for instance.
I took a deep breath and then breathed out.
Doctor, I have phlegm in my throat but I can't cough it out.
If you take a train now, there is no buffer at all and it is possible that you will be late.
Wow, the choir's singing is not in harmony. It's a disaster.
Don't bother with those trivial things now. Let's deal with the important things first.
You couldn't revive the dead even if you drowned yourself with guilt.
It is late at night now. Please lower the volume.
Their dog keeps watching them in interest when they are having dinner.
I was moved by his sincerity and was willing to join his team.
She confessed to the priest sincerely and wished that Lord would forgive her.
The system here is so open and clear, it's easier for the citizens to supervise the government.
His collection of past papers is very comprehensive.
Legend has it that Bao Zheng judged affairs in the realm of the living by day and in the underworld by night.
Universities conduct a survey on graduates' career preference every year.
The man was staring at the cop, holding a cleaver in a hostile manner.
There is a workshop that teaches people to make dessert, do you interested?
Don't force yourself to do it if you don't want to, or else you'll only be bothering yourself!
You should lay down your prejudice and try to get along with him.
He is unheedful of advice and continues to be lazy. He won't have a bright future.
Most of my classmates joined the society and became working people after their graduation.
This soldier was caught by the enemies. In order not to leak information, he died a martyr's death.
Don't stare at her, she's a shy girl.
I feel quite embarrassed to bother him.
He raped and murdered so many women. Even he has been beaten to death, his crimes still cannot be offset.
I helped him modify his paintings by adding the backgrounds.
He had a traffic accident and his spleen was bleeding profusely. They had to cut it out at the end to save his life.
After the Soviet Union collapsed, many countries declared independence.
The strengths of boards-on-frame are that they are light while also tough enough.
He has been nice to my face but said unpleasant things about me behind my back.
Why can you still be so calm in such a desperate situation?
Under normal temperature and pressure, water turns into ice at 0 degree Celsius.
Why did you insist in registering for this course? Everyone enrolling in the course has bad grades.
How can one be so immature for your age?
Those bony people always complain about themselves. Have they thought about fat boys like us? How are we supposed to feel when we hear them complaining?
Since the new China was established, descendants of the emperors have become common people.
He's so forgetful that he left his key behind here.
Since the texture of this pair of shoes is rather rough, it's more comfortable that you wear them in summer.
The wet circuit board has been damaged already, do not use it anymore!
In winter, my classmates often put their cold hands on my face, as I am warm enough.
How could you handle two jobs with such physique?
This pair of trousers is okay on its own, it's just that it looks kind of stupid when you're wearing it.
Privacy includes the personal information, private life and personal affairs of an individual.
There's no doubt that she is a good person, but she doesn't know how to be a good boss.
I saw a middle-aged guy grinning at a young girl lustfully when I was on MTR yesterday.
Now that he ignores you, you should not keep on finding him.
Within the industry,  a cautious attitude is generally held towards the development of the new product.
They blow bubbles in the parade so as to promote the message of sharing happiness.
You can take the bus or the MTR to Ap Lei Chau.
I have to go to the bank to make a transfer, I can't have lunch with you today.
If you get your clutch control right, you will drive smoothly. If you cannot get it right, everything will be problematic.
Her colleagues disliked how she kisses her boss' ass, so they boycotted her.
Next thing you know, it's already the end of the year. Time sure does fly.
Kid, stop butting in, go back and eat.
You don't look like you want to do this. Just speak your heart out.
We have been working on this big project for a year.
She has forgotten her umbrella and was literally soused by the heavy rain.
I know you love listening to music but you don't have to make it so loud, do you?
From today to the middle of next month, you can collect stamps to get a doll/figure.
It's not that nice to go there empty-handed. Let's take a bottle of wine.
Saying "none of your business" to others really hurts.
Hearing loss was a common occupational disease of many jackhammer operators in the past.
I think red-white-blue bag is a symbol of Hong Kong folk culture.
Smoking is not the exact cause of lung cancer.
To compete with those kids, I will win even I play with half effort.
This can be viewed with other angles, not necessarily what he said.
What are you looking at your food for? Are you taking an oath? Finish up your meal!
I didn't mean to offend you all just now. Please forgive my ignorance.
She loves to collect silverware, the cabinet is full of her collection.
Only girls are allowed to come in after eleven o'clock.
I was just robbed. Can you please do me a favour and report the case to the police?
Of course you have a cool lifestyle now. Once you have a kid, that will be a different story.
You sit in a poor posture. You will get neck and shoulder pain in the future.
Five thousand dollars for a chair? Can it cure cancer?
This is a complicated machine, it requires a certain amount of expertise to operate.
Strictly speaking, of the eight tentacles of an octopus, only two of them are used for moving.
Sometimes I would take Piriton for my runny nose, but I would feel drowsy afterwards.
How can you kill your own children? You animal.
He has heart disease and is getting scheduled for surgery.
The officials only know how to prevaricate. Don't expect too much.
The guy is so tragic. It was not until today that he realised he's been raising a kid that is not biologically his.
In the same vein, two linguistically distant languages may be classified as dialects due to political reasons.
For her, cooking two ordinary dishes is just to show a tiny bit of her talent.
Even though she was in the lead all the way through, she miscalculated at the very end and lost the competition.
Seeing others play so happily, he was eager to have a try.
He had too much free time and decided to unwrap all the food in his place.
I envy their fate which has brought them together eventually.
With such a severe inflation, everybody is a millionaire now.
She joined the auxiliary police force to serve the community.
Many people think that only people with mental disorders can apply for a "white card", but it is actually not the case.
When I was in primary school, teachers always give me stationery sets as a gift.
The government has decided to reduce the level of subsidy to local farmers.
We may be losing money now, but in the long term we'll definitely make a profit.
Yesterday, I bugged him for some time before Ah-Chung finally lent me two hundreds dollars.
These animals are all without a home. Poor things!
Live broadcasting is available on Facebook now.
He always boasts about himself, but in fact he knows nothing.
Hey! When you two got married, both of you promised to love and support each other for a lifetime.
Members who couldn't attend today's meeting, please remember to read the minutes!
On climate issues, young people are an important group of stakeholders.
Trust me, he's not the one you're looking for. Everyone knows he's a playboy.
The host was too kind and contrarily I felt uncomfortable.
He was caught cheating in a mahjong parlour and got beaten up really hard.
This magazine is published monthly, we won't have any stock of new issue until next month.
Grasp the nettle for the champion.
You have to set a long-term goal for yourself.
It's not so built up here and the air is fresh. It's a great destination for family vacation.
Whether I'm being sarcastic or not, I don't need to explain myself with additional words.
That foreign student was scammed and lost several hundred thousand dollars.
Tsk, it takes no effort to beat him, easy as pie.
A fan wanted to take a picture with her. She was a bit unwilling, but she agreed finally.
Roots of plants absorb nutrients from the soil.
Stop calling me. I'm extremely busy right now!
With all due respect, your grades can't get you hired anywhere.
The cafe has not even broken even yet after operating for two years.
This formula can count the area of the triangle.
Having good examination results is the major prerequisite for studying in this university.
Continuous internal disorder makes citizens there suffer.
What a hot day! Let's go swimming.
"Wh-Wh-What is yo-your name?" stuttered Ming.
The TV station has run out of things to broadcast, and hires some old-timers to loop some popular rhymes.
You suck at math, man. Even a three-year-old kid could calculate faster than you.
The two tribes are fighting to death for the land.
My boss asked us to work this Sunday.
On the field we play hard for our own clubs, but off the field we stay good friends.
If you happen to walk past a drugstore, could you buy me a random pack sanitary napkin?
You risk getting heart disease if you keep consuming so much fatty food.
Don't walk so fast. Can I have a rest?
He has a great ambition of making the world a better place to live.
The photos were taken at a professional photographic studio, so they'll turn out just fine.
Are you afraid of cockroach? Come on, you are a man!
Despite speaking different languages, the two really hit it off.
Switzerland is the neutral state with the longest history in the world.
What a coward. You can't even ride a roller coaster.
If the line of defense is broken, they will probably lose the war.
Sea pilots are in charge of guiding ships into and out of waterways.
You're canceling the event after I made all the preparations, making all my previous efforts in vain.
you can eat without thinking, but you should not talk in the same way. Many lovers break up because of faux passes.
Many participants in the marathon are sent to the hospital due to exhaustion.
She just gave birth to her baby and still had a big tummy with loosing skin.
This method seems feasible. Let's just have a try.
Having a traitor like you in the family is a disgrace!
This part of the movie fully elaborates the writer's mental struggle. I can't help but to express my admiration.
My wife is now pregnant. Let me do the heavy lifting.
He's stingy that you have to beg him even for 10 dollars.
I am criticized seemingly, but it is you actually.
In the competition, Ka Ming and Ka Kit are both out.
If you still do not throw those expired food, they will become fermented and smelly.
How come the lens are so bad? How can I take good photos when the view is so blurred?
Mona Lisa is da Vinci's masterpiece.
Being a trustworthy man, he would pay you back if he said so.
Do not worry too much about the job. Just go ahead regardless of other factors, then you will be happier.
This year, I've decided to stop the procrastination and begin working out to lose weight.
Uncle Choi had his hernia on the left side operated, and he is planning to do it for the right side too.
I am not worried at all even there are many rivals.  I am confident that I will win her heart soon.
The sum of the natural numbers from one to ten is fifty-five.
CBBCs are one of the investment products best received by Hong Kong people.
The goods were all snatched, now I've got nothing!
You always tell lies. I won't trust you anymore.
His behaving worse and worse makes his parents deeply desperate.
After the Umbrella Revolution, the conflicts between the government and citizens were intensified.
From carrying her bags and paying her bills, to doing her university schoolwork and taking care of her daily chores, all of those had to be done by her boyfriend. Her princess syndrome is really severe.
One should have a broad and long-range ambition and should not only care about today.
Do you have many gay friends?
You should expedite that trip to Britain to take advantage of the low value of the pound.
Ah Man is going to Germany tomorrow. I will help him carry his luggage to the airport.
Several senior movie actors passed away in succession this year.
You are already more than forty years old, but you are still a bachelor.
Relying on raising taxes as the only way to boost revenue may result in events turning out contrary to expectations.
These eyedrops burn my eyes! Are they expired?
Because of poor quality, we decide to switch suppliers.
They can only engage in surface-level chatter. They fail to consider the key factors leading to this.
I will help you again just because of our friendship.
Greece, which is on the verge of bankruptcy, is seeking help from Russia.
Of course you have to wear red during New Year's, it's for good luck!
They're boycotting Ming. If you play with him, you'll be boycotted by them too.
There has been an uptick in robberies recently. Citizens should be more alert.
Good thing you reminded me! I almost forgot.
Let's talk directly and not waste time.
Forming exclusive groups online gets you nowhere; you would only hear comments from people who agree with you.
I want to tell you a story about dinosaurs.
He has not been able to find a job and his life is becoming more and more miserable.
After he switched schools, his academic performance improved very quickly.
The business is doing so badly that taking out rents and wages, we can't make any profit.
Keep doing it bit by bit, it will be finished.
The University of Hong Kong was established in 1910.
We have invited Mr. Wong to look into the reason behind government's mistakes in administration.
Remember to put the leftovers in the fridge to keep them fresh.
When our baby gets older, I want to get a new stroller.
It is a real miracle that they can still survive without any food nor water for 3 whole days.
The new term is about to begin. It's time to recruit our successors of the society.
I often have a full meal for dinner, but when midnight comes, I always want to have snacks so badly.
The lunch suppliers are all crappy and the lunchboxes taste the same. There is no point in tendering again.
After getting married, he changed a lot.
He knew that I was short of cash, and when I was selling the flat to him, he kept forcing the price down.
He always talks with barbed words. He praised me for mincing no words, but was in fact saying that I speak off the cuff.
He was not well-prepared, and he couldn't say anything to respond.
Let's look at that bitch flirting the man, how horny is she?
Aren't you going to the church to attend their wedding?
It rained suddenly and I didn't have an umbrella with me. That's why I got all wet.
Avoid taking your medicine before having a meal. Otherwise, you may suffer a stomachache.
You are carrying a lot of things! Come take a seat.
What makes you hesitate? That guy is really annoying, just fall out with him!
They would be distracted whenever they have video games to play.
Today is the 80th birthday of my grandmother. I need to visit and celebrate with her.
He used a fancy polish and shined his shoes until he could see his face in them.
He keeps tumbling for just saying a few words, I won't expect he is smart in doing the job.
This university is not only the best of Hong Kong, but also of Asia.
Ming led in front and we followed on behind.
As her citizens, we have to devote ourselves to Hong Kong.
Don't celebrate too early. Sixty marks is the passing line.
Each company would like to expand their coverage of business.
I'm really sorry that you needed to wait for so long, let me make it up to you by buying you a meal.
Seeing my peer pass away, my feeling is too complicated to put into words.
Don't doggedly reject our idea. Hear us out!
Don't feed guide dogs at work.
His grandfather was sold as slave labour in San Francisco.
The couch is so big, why are you squeezing in here?
The chairman thought that he calls the shots, without the need to hear the advice from the members. Now the members say they demand him to step down. He has really just been playing around and got into great troubles.
Some cars broke down and they are holding up the traffic.
How can you do homework in darkness? Light up.
She doesn't cook usually so she's all fingers and thumbs when she has to cook today.
For young people to become adults they need to work in society so as to temper themselves.
This book is due, but I haven't finished it yet. So I'm going to the library to renew it today.
My mathematics teacher can draw a perfect circle on a blackboard.
Over the past few days I have been an emotional wreck, and I can't seem to find the energy to work.
I want to race you, see who runs faster.
Most of the children hang on to their beds in the morning, and are unwilling to get up to go to school.
Don't be afraid, we all bros will stand by you.
I have been alive for so many years, what crisis have I not experienced before?
You can go down to the lobby and play after finishing your homework.
This wicked wretch kills for money, and he deserves spending the remainder of his life in jail!
Pfft, he makes empty talk only. I don't expect that he is capable to do so.
Those Gundam figures are his prized possessions. They must not be touched!
Her mom is one of juries, and her victory is one without glory.
Obviously we can arrive at there by MTR in 5 minutes, but you still chose to walk, you really like to give up comfort and choose hardship.
Excuse me, you cannot smoke in the hospital.
That report's far off—we still have nearly a week to deliver it. Why don't we focus on this one first?
My father had a close shave in this car accident. Luckily, he was safe.
That store overprices its goods; the bag costs 2000 dollars despite the faux leather.
The transformer does not work in the transfer of electric current. Can it be fixed?
He is an important role in this company.
Mountain Day on 11th August is a public holiday designated recently in Japan.
The increased bank tariff will take effect from Monday for new customers and April 1 for existing customers.
She was so mad she left! It's all because of you!
You don't need to be so upset about what you said to you. He didn't mean it.
My dad is a neuroscientist. He specializes in the studies of electrical signals between neurons.
Subculture can conversely nurture the mainstream culture to make it better.
In Sociology, the Chicago School would often use a bottom-up approach to analyze urban phenomena.
The Chinese market is open to investors around the world.
You should be polite when talking to people. Otherwise, you might be blamed for having no manners.
After she immigrated, she made clothes with sewing machine in the little factories in China town.
It was all because I didn't study hard when I was young, now no one would hire me because of my lack of qualifications.
Forget about your major. You won't make much money after you graduate.
Regardless of your lack of trustworthiness, even you keep your word, I can't trust you.
Our school team has bagged all five gold medals in the inter-school competition.
These days the company is adopting the old packaging of their drinks.
In those days all 5 of our family lived in a board-partitioned room. After school we still had to help glue together plastic flowers.
Please stop crying. I can treat you some ice-cream.
I can only explain the theory. You will have to learn the practical aspects yourself.
"How much is this pack of milk?" "Five dollars and fifty cents."
She has been a singleton for ten years, so it is no wonder that she has such a thirst for love from men.
I held a stick and walked slowly along the road to the bus top.
She always wants to win the Mark Six, but hasn't even ever won the consolation prize in the past twenty years.
Scientists worry that artificial intelligence will replace human someday.
You are such a lazybone. What will you do if your family stops giving you money?
Zhao Yun set up the empty fort strategy to scare Cao Cao away, really proving himself one gallant man.
This year, there are several hundred participants fight for a championship in the marathon.
I thought that she is not yet married. Who would have thought she has a child already?
Don't take it for granted and think that I have to book your hotel room for you.
Our value-added services include call forwarding and voice mailbox.
That fop spent all of the inheritance his father gave him.
This fat girl is so cute! Is she your daughter?
Those 'patriotic organisations' were flaunting that they have loads of followers, as if they were really powerful.
Chan Tai Man will go to jail today. All his friends are telling him to be careful when picking up the soap.
My right eyelid just twitched; it has to be a bad sign.
I did that guy a favour and gave him some money for the fare. I didn't expect that he was deceiving others.
Why does she get more cake than me? It's so unfair!
Vessels that hold stagnant water, like vases and or the chassis of air conditioners, should be cleared regularly.
Man smiles so nice, the lump under her eyes makes her eyes smile.
To enhance the economic cooperation between the two regions is an inevitable trend.
If I attend each court session, do you think I'll still have time to work?
You want to bluff me off ? Save your effort son, as your uncle, I was well trained by threats from the youth.
It is really painful for me to abandon smoking for a whole week.
Her blind spots make her hard to understand what the problem is.
I ask you to pretend my boyfriend to deceive my mum only, don't be too immersive.
He's a rich kid. He can do whatever he likes. Even the police can't do anything.
Remember to fine-tune every detail. Don't give any excuse for others to blame.
The official name of America is the United States of America.
I have decided. You don't need to persuade me anymore.
I scraped my knee and it left a scar.
He loves to talk nonsense, you can just ignore him.
The warden will check if there are any outsiders staying in the dormitory tonight. Don't bring back any visitors!
A: "You play so frigg'n poorly, Prince of Badminton!" B: "What? I'm just letting you win intentionally. I usually play much better than that!"
We did not expect that only one participant came to the activity. We all made vain efforts in preparation.
Last time, we won by three zero against them in the away game. We should have a better performance when we play at home tomorrow!
He talks in a lofty manner, which is very annoying.
This old car was left behind by my father to me. It's not worthy, but it means a lot.
He is a nice fella, a go-to-guy if you have any question.
Finally we invited this band to be our performing guests this time.
Let me bring some nice BBQ pork as an extra dish for you guys!
The team had a bad start this year. They opened the season with a three-game losing streak; I think they're going to have a hard time for the rest of the season.
The salesperson is at introducing the functions of the product.
Since he became rich, he refused to recognize his family and looked down upon the poor relatives like us.
My brother gives my mother some money to help the family out each month.
He is so knowledgeable that he knows astronomy, geography, physics, chemistry, and even politics and economics.
The epidemic is serious this year that orientation camps cannot be held.
People come and go. There are vacancies in the governing team after several principal officials jumped ship by early retirement some days ago. Meanwhile, certain members of the opposition camp would rather leave their parties and fill in.
I scowled at my boyfriend for a whole day and he even did not realise he should make me happy. He is just that kind of very dump since birth!
My parents always argue because of some little things.
This pillow is not thick enough. If I slept on my side, my head would have not enough support, so I think sleeping on my back would be more comfortable.
Everybody is allowed to take a one-sheet cheat sheet to this exam.
The Hong Kong banking system is robust and sound. Banks have sufficient supply of banknotes to meet the needs of the public.
Although it's already nighttime, there are lots of people on the streets.
I did the homework, but I forgot to bring it.
During 1940s and 1950s, the living environment of the underprivileged was very poor.
We hardly ever meet, you suddenly pop up and ask for a loan from me!
He is very conservative; he won't agree with cohabitation.
His wife keeps the home neat and tidy; he doesn't need to worry at all.
Why did you dye your hair so ridiculously? You're like a teddy girl!
He played a Christmas carol with his superb piano skill that every musical note was full of emotion. How superb the music was!
As the opponents use disgraceful tactics, we'll stand firm till the last.
It will take years of effort to commodify the new drug.
He fails to hide and display the crime more obviously, making everyone believe that he is the murderer.
Paying $3000 for this bag is just a daylight robbery.
On the other hand, some criticise the film contains few elements of a detective story.
After a long period of hard work, he went to Thailand for a holiday.
This company has very few employees, how can it compete with its competitors?
This television station often starts filming a series before it has a completed script, so the plot contradicts itself.
The company is seeing less profit than expected this year, and it is hoped that every department partake in creating revenue and cutting expenses.
Chapters are divided based on factors like the chronological order, issues, stages of the plot development, and so on.
You are against the light. Shooting with a flash will be better.
It's not easy to see people like her are very mature at that young age.
The reporters stayed and waited for the whole morning, but they still haven't seen the Chief Executive coming out.
cannot be adequately described in words
I wanted to wear the pink dress, but it was too creased.
If you are not working, don't try to order us about.
You will forget all those sad things after a while.
We don't get along very smoothly, but we never overstep each other's bottom line.
I don't like him that much, but you like him anyway.
The government will hold a press conference later to talk about the latest development of the epidemic.
It's just gutting a fish, you don't have to be afraid. Stay calm.
It's so tiring for her to be the only one who supports the whole family.
A slimming product contains controlled medicine ingredients, which are detrimental to health.
We didn't know he was actually a man who dressed like a woman until he lifted the veil.
There were all sort of cakes being put in the display window, they look very attractive.
It's rare that the chef has come. We are grateful for his presence.
She has an ordinary look if you see her in person and she doesn't look like a star at all.
Our product aims on teenagers mainly.
Can you see the shape of Dorina's nipples on her tank top？Surely she is bra-less today.
She's just been disappointed in love. You're giving her a hard time for showing the sweetness between you and your boyfriend in front of her.
I mean, Cantonese and Mandarin are really two types of languages.
Fire! Cut the ropes quickly or the fire will spread to the other ships!
Once he've got 3 stars, he sends the form to apply for public housing immediately.
The automatic door is out of order. You need to open the door yourself.
When you were young, did you get punished by teachers to twist your ears ?
Heck, you want me to complete writing ten articles in one hour.  How am I supposed to it? Why don't you go bet your life on it?
Have all the goods been unloaded from the truck? The driver has another round to go.
Do you know how many years is that volcano?
Canes used by the visually impaired are retractable.
He's the one responsible for checking the goods. Ask him if there's something wrong.
Dude, you drive so poorly! Are you trying to kill yourself?
To meet the needs of the market, the company is trying to develop more and varied services.
We used tremendous effort to hardly win them by one point.
You have to apply just enough force so that the machine won't break.
He doesn't have any empathy at all. He even smiles when he sees people being beaten up.
The fireman rescued a child from the fire.
He could have won in this competition, but he did not join. That made him regrettable.
Rebellious youths often turn a deaf ear to their parents' advice.
He comes back to work in Hong Kong only after he fails to making a living in Canton.
We need to combine power of three of us into one.
All of us are Hong Kong people, we should pull together in times of trouble.
Who will inherit the house after he dies?
You can't be so arbitrary on any matter. You need to know everything clearly before you judge.
My wife and my mom are arguing, what a dilemma, if I take any side I will die.
He is so secretive. We are unable to know what is on his mind.
You should take a shower first! You smell so bad!
I just mentioned my big brother's name, they are scared to death.
My grandparents don't have Alzheimer's. They're still very smart.
No one knows where he has gone since he graduated from the university.
I can't make ends meet this month since I've spent too much.
There are only 100 copies of this invaluable car in this world.
The difference between us, is that you are rich but I am not.
He made good use of the people's anti-war sentiments and won the election as a result.
Ha, what a joke. Haven't you been 'immersing' yourself abroad? Your English still sucks, though.
It won't be successful if we rely solely on one person.
We should not underestimate the possiblity of regional conflicts.
Usually, people only focus on the lead singer in a band.
Marriage is so important, you shouldn't handle it so rashly.
The origin of this ghost story is actually someone forgot to turn off the tap in the bathroom.
Indian muntjacs in Hong Kong are often misidentified as Reeve's muntjacs.
The company has made remarkable achievements, thanks to the hardworking and responsible employees.
Bet small and got a big, bet big and got a small, so unlucky today.
His movements are so mysterious recently. He must have done some remorseful deeds.
You can either zoom in or zoom out.
The teacher plays games with us during class.
It's indeed not proper to wear an off-shoulder top to work.
That footbridge is charging us several billions. To capture money in that way is better than to rob the bank.
All students showed great interest in the museum exhibits during their visit.
That is a unscrupulous retailer. Last time Mum wanted to by a mouse and was made to pay $1000.
Since typhoon signal is hoisted in the afternoon, I can use this half day off to have a rest from my busy life.
If you have not made up your mind right now, feel free to check out our catalogue!
Today's your birthday, so you should stand in the middle for the picture!
They are a gang of desperadoes who do anything for money including giving up on their lives.
Going to a barbecue picnic with all guys and no girls! This party is a total sausagefest!
I haven't seen Shan-shan for many years. She's now grown up as a tall and slim lady.
Don't you think you're her boyfriend. You are just a "gun jam bing" to her, you idiot.
I haven't watched 'The Greed of Man' yet. Don't spoil it for me!
The demand for these engineering works won't stop. Entering this field won't make you unemployed.
He didn't only break my bag, but also ate all the snacks inside!
These are our latest anti-covid duo — face masks and face shields. Try them!
She often seems to be angry with the entire world that she's so bitch-faced.
A: "When did it happen?" B: "Just yesterday."
She is a quiet girl,she don't speak much.
He washes the dishes so often that his hand has blisters all over.
Many kind-hearted people improved the hiking path for others to walk.
He told everyone that he would win. It'd be a disgrace if he lost.
You are not fighting this war alone; you have the support of all of us.
This project is a mess. Did the person-in-charge execute it without any planning at all?
Seeing the foe who murdered her father, she can't help fuming with rage.
Why are you drinking by yourself? Just give me a call.
The travel agency is inconsiderate in arranging a man and a woman who hardly know each other to stay in the same hotel room.
In Japan, they don't just have fish sashimi; they also have ones made with horsemeat.
After all, I am in higher rank than the colleagues joining the company earlier, so I would not be bullied by them.
Since you often go to the library, then you can help me to return all my books for me at your convenience.
He invited an orchestra to accompany for his concert.
We must defend our home with all our might against foreign enemies!
The sofa has a dull texture. It doesn't quite match the house.
Working for ten years, he has become a famous hairstylist in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong dollar notes have many different colours.
The seats are all occupied by bags in the library, but nobody is actually sitting there, it's really pissing me off.
The two countries hope that they can solve the problem through friendly and open consultations.
When we have family gathering, we will talk casually about our life.
If I had any surplus money, I would buy a digital camera.
He is hoping that his children will look after him after graduating from university.
For the sake of continuity of a particular scene, costumes, props, mood, movement and time of the event should be taken into consideration.
The sales in the first half of this year were not satisfactory due to the fierce competition.
He isn't quitting. He's just making a fuss to get a pay raise.
He failed three subjects, so he has to repeat for a year.
Wow! Why are you sweating so heavily? It's only 9 degrees outside.
Nobody dictates here. Every one of us has a say.
She likes to put on this pink glitter lip gloss. Apparently, it has a 'nice shimmery glow' to it.
He can do it in whatever way he likes, as long as he doesn't cause me trouble.
The slow progress in the construction work has resulted in a 20 percent increase in the budget.
If you're self-satisfied with the little achievement, you won't make any further progress.
This charity organisation takes it as its mission to help the poor and support the underprivileged.
You always do these smuggling businesses; just find something legal and good things to do for god's sake.
These cartoon cars are just things for looking at, they aren't useful at all. They would die out after walking a few miles later.
As he eats a lot of sweets, he has a decayed tooth at age five.
What a nosy girl! Why are you asking so many things? It's none of your business.
His suggestions were impractical so they were not accepted.
Journalists sneak into the factory to investigate how the workers there are exploited.
He knows absolutely nothing and he's speaking from his ass.
I have to find the file, it's very important.
Restaurants in Hong Kong often add a 10% service charge to the bill.
The deadline is today, but the work is not finished.
There are a lot of lines that resonate with the audience and people's comment on this romantic movie is that they 'cry their eyes out'.
The situation is critical right now. We'd better not travel there.
Someone was on my tail, I need to transfer for four times to lose him.
Because the content of the paper has been leaked, the exam will be modified with backup questions this time.
You are always fooling around at work. Be careful not to get sacked by the boss.
The kettle will be very hot after being used to boil the water, don't touch it yet.
There is a landfill in Tseung Kwan O, so the quality of air isn't very good.
He immediately went away as soon as he heard that I caught a cold.
Every year, the directors of the TWGH hold the autumn worship ceremony in Man Mo Temple in Sheung Wan.
My dad is too lazy to simmer anything; usually he'll just make some choy-sum fishball thin soup.
I will lose all the commission if I leave now. Of course I won't resign in any case.
My mom once fell in love with a triad boss and was in an episode of Sopranos.
His body is so weak. Why did you still ask him to run for two cycles?
I don't want to idle around after having the meal. I'll stay in the library for a while.
We've just sat down, but we've already ordered two sets of prawns. (lyrics)
Go straight ahead until you see the road fork and then turn right.
Cops spying for triads would tell the leaders about the operations of the police.
Oh dear, I inadvertently let him know about the surprise party!
Don't overlook him though he dresses indecently. He owns several properties on Nathan Road.
Gossip magazines love to juice up stories by inventing reality. In their hands, things as ordinary as a celebrity going downstairs for a lunch can be repackaged as stunning headline news.
Would you like your steak rare, medium, or well-done?
If you cheated on me, I would tell all your faults off to your parents.
He went over the seas and far away all alone in seek of his dreams.
This movie is repeating the same scene in one way or another, it seems the director is running out of tricks in his bag.
The shirt is not tucked in properly, so the bottom part is sticking out.
I'm always more than happy to help - we are on the same side.
If you don't want to wear glasses anymore, settle the matter once and for all by doing the laser eye surgery.
Education Bureau is in charge of supervising how education is carried out in primary and secondary schools.
The toilet reeks of urine! Can you pee more accurately please?
Upon hearing someone mention exam, A-chung seized the opportunity, and started to talk about how he aced the last exam.
That officer said that if I don't go away, he will press charge on me.
To show the great importance of this event, we invited our principal to officiate the opening ceremony.
This knife features an anti-bacterial coating.
I suspect that there's a traitor in our department leaking information to them.
You didn't obey him. Do you want to die?
You decided not to sleep at night, then you have to suffer the consequences. You are going to feel this bad on the next day.
Local residents complained about the nuisance caused by constant noises.
The public has long been circulating many theories regarding the reasons of spiritual possession.
Your kitchen has no cooking utensils. Let's just order take-away.
According to the previous cases, the success rate of this experiment was very low.
People are not interested in such courses. It'd be better to cancel them.
Kit has a gentle look but he is actually good at martial arts!
This software is too new to be compatible with your operation system.
It turns out it's Ma-X-X under arrest, not Ma-X.
To be a model you generally need to have a tall and slim figure.
The first local production of opera in Hong Kong dates back to the 1960s.
I didn't include my GPA in my CV because I don't want to be asked about it.
Unemployment and economic hardship would lead to social unrest.
The both sides were in a balanced situation at the last 10 minutes of the competition.
If you encounter strange problems, you can ask for his advice.
Now it's over to you. Prompt me when you're done with this part.
He realized that his opponent was not an ordinary one and started to focus on their game.
I like fruits, such as apples, oranges and banana.
I could go there and see that superstar and so what? We are only allowed to look at him but not owning him or touching him.
I heard that many of the descendants of Chinese people abroad can't speak Chinese anymore.
They are talking and joking with each other, and don't seem to have argued.
Maybe you have many thing else to do in your life, but you are the whole world of your pet.
His acting sucks. He really didn't deserve the Best Actor award at all.
We should be loyal to our partner, but not to be fickle.
He hasn't had any surgery except for that time when he had appendicitis when he was twelve.
The property prices drop sharply that many investors suffer a devastating loss.
He was on the spot at that time and witnessed the gunman killing people.
I dozed off in a daze as soon as I closed my eyes.
I wanna open an online shop so that I can save the rent.
The neighbourhoods often gossip and accuse her of being a seductress.
I have your son now, prepare 1 million dollars to get him back.
Many people came to this concert out of admiration for his fame.
Humans and chimps share over 98 % of their DNA.
Passenger flow at the airport has dropped by 80% since the SARS outbreak.
The result was "small" for the last 20 rounds, so I bet on "big" this time -- but alas it's triples this time!
The triad gangs are mustering their people on the streets. Residents nearby have fled to the safety of their own homes.
Our school magazine is published once a month.
My wife is a big spender. She is spending every cent I've earned.
I initially thought he knew nothing, but it turns out that he was just playing dumb.
These couples look so young. It feels like a shotgun marriage to me.
My account has been banned.
I Hope I'll be able to spend a lovely Christmas with my family.
The old man was so sick that he was on the verge of dying. He's in the hospital now, and there's no telling if he'll survive.
He hit someone with a car. Now he is in a big trouble.
The awarded tender is owned by the chairperson of the owners corporation. How is that not cronyism?
The greatest enjoyment on Sundays is to curl up in bed and sleep as much as you want.
I can smell dad's smelly socks as soon as he steps into home.
AKB48 is a popular Japanese idol group.
There's no space for strollers in here. Can you fold it up and leave it at the entrance?
Wow, the hill is so tall, we've been walking for such a long time and we still haven't reached the peak. We're all huffing and puffing from all this walking.
The situation where large companies are bullying and oppressing small shops is getting more serious.
People often believe that lymph nodes massaging results in weight-loss, however, it is just reducing the amount of water in massaging parts.
This company is known as the ShouLin Temple in IT industry, an important place to train up IT participators. Anyone who has gone through this is proven to be capable.
I measured the dress against myself and found that it didn't fit me.
Working as a journalist for a newspaper, one gets meagrely paid now.
This person came rather menacingly and looked contentious.
He said that he made a request for glasses in the request book, but I heard from the front desk that it still hasn't been approved.
The flood in central China has caused more than 200 deaths.
He quarrelled with his wife and now they even have their meals separately.
The traffic was smooth after we got on the highway, and arrived in half an hour.
I fled from the North to Hong Kong and sought refuge form my Uncle during World War II.
After all, he is your brother. You should help out each other.
We arranged a big banquet to celebrate our grandpa's 80th birthday tonight.
You can't find a seat on the underground at this time, let's take a bus.
My boyfriend is too nice and kind to every girl around him, which makes me insecure all the time.
The existence of God is not a substantial being but rather a spiritual being.
We have covered many miles today. Let's get some rest in this hotel tonight.
You have to drive after awhile, please don't drink.
Her dress costs hundreds, but she accessorised it with a necklace worth ten thousand: a perfect case of misplaced priorities.
The government has issued a notice on the renewal of hawker license.
I can predict the beginning of the story but not its ending.
Several conglomerates show great interests about developing Lantau.
What a small world. I run into people I know wherever I go.
He had his wallet stolen, so he went to the police station for testimony.
A-ming is appreciated by the director for his superb talent in writing.
Hey, don't trick him. The bill is due tomorrow, not today.
You are always sending me all kinds of trash. You can't be more annoying.
It is puzzling how this heavy industry corp. started to dabble in the entertainment industry this year.
The thug fires his gun and robs people even on the busy streets, he totally disregards law and discipline!
In Hong Kong nowadays, many young people have too little income to sustain their living.
The artists Boyan and Yik are suspended as they give up on their careers to protect their relationship, now the concerned sales volume of theirs are reaching as low as Waihan's.
It was the dude who acted on his own initiative to take advantage!
There was no sign of struggle and the victim's belongings were not stolen.
Hey lazybones, why are you still sleeping? Don't you need to work today?
He has the title of a superintendent, but in reality, it is not him who has the power.
They're walking along but so far apart. Others must think that they don't know each other.
Your car hit over this way, are you killing?
I only managed to get this job because he didn't want the offer.
Looking at this kind of cheap facial treatments. If there should be any side effects then you would be effectively paying to buy your own sufferings.
Please don't be mischievous. Start working now.
It is now typhoon signal 10 and you still go out to play on street, do you really weary of your long life?
You'll feel drowsy after taking this drug. Remember, do not operate any machine while you are on it.
Right when the burglar was about to escape, he bumped into the owner who just came back.
After so many years of hard work, my parents can now live an easy life.
Although he's quite MK, he's genuine and sincere.
No big deal. Are you on leave tomorrow?
To finish this difficult challenge, he must need outstanding willpower.
I have to finish a 5000-word essay by 12, don't count me in for the dinner.
So if this person calls, tell them I'm not here.
She looks absent-minded, is she alright?
The hotline is available from 8 in the morning to 9 at night.
Your body has a bad smell after playing soccer. Stay away from me.
They set up several stalls outside the arena to sell souvenirs.
The government provides privileges in order to attract foreign businessmen to invest in Hong Kong's high-tech industry.
He told me to eat it all, I said absofuckinglutely not!
How insane you are. Why the heck should I tell you what I did?
If you'd put your mind to it, you could do it.
Locals love local vegetables most, because local vegetables are the freshest.
The girl played the guitar and sang. As she started, the audience was stunned.
Once it's break time, the whole class lie on the desk and sleep.
The government is implementing the Universal Health Protection System next year.
When they give you praise it immediately goes to your head. She is just trying to set you up to fail.
Don't curl up when you're sitting, it will cause back pain.
Don't worry, the gypsum they added to the bean curd pudding is edible.
When you make a mistake and your mother corrects you, you don't talk back to her.
This actress usually wears clothes a size bigger. I didn't realize she had such big boobs.
I shouldn't be that heavy! The scale must have been off!
You bastard just sod off already, you're not welcome here!
When asked to lend a penny or two, he still refuses.
My friend is thinking of confessing to his crush. Who knew in the end he would get so brutally rejected.
Cavalry has been disappearing ever since tanks took over the military scene.
Ming is afraid of needles, so he has never given blood.
This job has no prospect. You'd better find another one.
Nowadays when people see their neighbours they just walk and pass by.
That guy often calls in sick; I don't even see him twice a week.
You can just call him to ask whether what I said is true.
He pulled open the drawer, and took out a watch.
The human skull is very fragile. It will be very troublesome if it hurts.
He's always chitchatting with his colleagues; no wonder he was fired.
These students were compelled by the school to drop out because they beat their teacher.
In the past, when a fisherman or peasant became a bridegroom, he organized a ceremony in which he was given a formal name, as a symbol of adulthood.
As not many people support cultural activities, they usually ended up with a whimper.
Ying has fair skin; she doesn't want to be tan.
Yesterday I played chess with A-chung. I totally routed him.
There is a huge traffic jam and a 10-kilometer queue of vehicles has developed.
If you guys are still struggling against each other, it would only profit the opposing faction.
The terrorists threatened to retaliate if the police did not release their leader.
If you do not help me, I will be in a financial predicament.
This Ponzi scheme reached a very large scale, estimated at a loss of up to billions.
Your younger brother always stays at our place and sponges food off us. We need to do something.
These things are kind of useless. We should throw away all of them when we move out.
I know that you like desserts a lot but eating too much would increase the risk of having diabetes.
Every time he leaves home, he must bring two servants with him.
This bus is too cramped; even if I somehow get on, there will be no space for me.
You can't do anything, what a useless person!
Milk tea hurts your stomach. Don't drink it if you have a stomachache!
This steakhouse provides numerous different parts of steak meat and levels of steak doneness for one to choose from, so one can order their steak according to their own liking. It's suitable for any budget to eat at.
It's general knowledge that the Beijing roasted duck is a very well-known Beijing cuisine.
He is deeply in love with interests and will do anything for it.
Civil servants should be responsible to the people.
Those reveries sometimes caused him to utter odd sayings.
I couldn't stand him begging on bended knee, so I've decided to help him.
She made this situation up, don't trust her.
"So you also agree with me?" "Well not really."
Fees for public hospital services will be increased by 5% starting from 1st January.
Mum worried about your safety so much, fortunately you came back from North Korea safely.
Damn, when I was taking the subway, the creepy old man who stood next to me kept elbowing my boobs.
My neighbour is so overbearing. He likes to control everything, and complains about everything.
My girlfriend was furious at first. After hours of trying to make her happy, her rage softens.
That guy brought the ball to the penalty area but did not shoot. Is he stupid?
I can do you a favour for everything, only except to help you do something evil.
After the police's in-depth investigation, that murder case was finally solved and the murderer was caught.
"The green T-shirts are out of stock, do you want a blue one?" "No problem, I'll take that."
The outer walls of this building are flaking seriously.
There are obstacles wherever and whoever you are. So long as you don't give up, there will be hope.
You dress so MK, and even your hair too.
The beef brisket with soup of this restaurant is famous. There's always a long queue.
Don't be fooled by his timid appearance. He is actually a champion runner, which is surprising.
Kids are full of energy, running everywhere every day.
All the seafood accords with market price only. Should you ask about the actual price before ordering?
When my daughter's psychosis flared initially, she hid herself in her room and kept saying that she was being surveilled. Luckily I brought her to the doctor early, and she is stable on medications now.
It's now wider inside the shop. Seats are also put. Customers can eat inside.
Playing games is all about fun. You are putting the cart before the horse as you hire someone to grind for you in the game.
Mr. Chan isn't here at the moment. Do you want to leave a message?
Taxi drivers always tout outside MTR stations.
You don't have to capitalize the first character when writing chemical elements in a sentence, just leave it all lowercases.
Don't get too close to the river. The water may carry you away.
When will your start your own business? I'm counting on you to earn big money together!
After all he's senior in the company. He's paid efforts.
Don't be misery when visiting Switzerland, be more generous.
This traditional dish requires a lot of painstaking effort and time to make. It's not something you can easily go out and find in restaurants.
This pink blouse goes best with jeans.
He is perpetually impoverished and his diet consists only of plain bread and instant noodles.
You can't know people's mind from their faces. The world is not that simple.
The pay of an office job for a high school graduate is so low, I might as well become a police officer.
Jim Rogers said that the government should abolish the Federal Reserve.
Mrs. Thatcher, a British politician, was commonly called "the Iron Lady".
Many people nowadays still believe in fortune-telling based on the use of divination.
The tombstone is engraved with the dead person's name, his date of birth and death.
He doesn't work seriously but just acts in a carefree manner. Be careful when you work with him.
It's not a big deal if you failed the end-of-term examination, just get your scores up in the final one.
You are a such a homebody, how come you are willing to meet old classmates today?
He has a heart disease, don't provoke him.
Now you say that you forgot about the drills, right when we are going to crack the vault.
He looks like a martial artist no matter which way you look at him.
The walnut cookies sold in supermarkets are not made in HK.
This singer announced his retirement before, and now he is back on stage again.
You're greatly talented, which makes you well-deserving of the title of strategist.
We have the sun today, let's go for a walk.
Electromagnetic waves can travel through vacuum, but mechanical waves like sound waves can only travel through a medium.
He made his escape when he heard siren blaring from a distance.
The government hopes that these measures will spearhead a economic recovery.
Chairman gave a speech in English after giving it in Chinese. It's like going on a NICAM.
The defendant was released on bail of $5000.
May we invite our guests to cut the ribbon after my countdown from three.
Under the circumstances of insufficient evidence, the court must presume the innocence of the suspect.
You reject the boss's idea in his face! How brave are you!
The kid has now become a handsome young man.
You may think I'm too confined to manners, but in my view I just show my respect.
He has been hypnotised and revealed his secrets unconsciously.
This movie star loves to pose a dramatic face to the point that I have difficulty to imagine him to have any other facial expression.
My husband loves comicbooks, and because of that I also started reading comics.
The school team made remarkable achievements and broken several records among schools territory-wide.
With the foetus growing, it will press against the mother's stomach.
My mother had taught me that, the best way to cook rice is to use a clay pot.
By the time you give birth and raise your own children, you will understand your parents' mindset .
He really likes this book. I haven't seen him without this book in hand.
This is a one and only goal! Messi you are the best!
If you don't put effort into your studies, you will fail your tests.
The teacher is strict and that's why there are no lazy students.
Every year that coincides with the year of your birth sign will be a year of greater misfortune, which is inescapable once every 12 years.
When you grow as old as me, you will naturally learn to be open-minded like me.
Freshly baked egg tart with stocking-filtered milk tea! What a perfect afternoon tea!
You have a 15-minute break so you can close your eyes and have a rest!
They are just throwing out ideas. Don't be so quick to get defensive.
You shouldn't eat pork raw, there are parasites in it.
The climbers scaled the mountain and reached the peak after two hours.
The school drama society is now recruiting members. Join us!
There is homework from every teacher, how can I finish it all?
The left one is my eldest brother, and the right one is my second elder brother.
Ah Ming is my life tutor, he teaches me lots of things.
Wait and see whether the new chief executive has people's support.
I stared at the iron-grey sky and made smoke come out of my mouth.
Blood is seeping through the wound dressing! Quickly place a new one on top!
Not only writing articles and typesetting, but also brainstorming and shooting videos—you've asked her to do up to every bit.
You won't feel the pain until you are pricked with a need. I told you not to tease those two-timed, and now with your girlfriend two-timing you, you could feel the pain, couldn't you?
We are spotted by the enemies; we should leave promptly.
He's really in big trouble now - he owes a few hundred dollars to loan sharks.
People keep extolling the benefits of entering this university programme, causing students flocking to study it.
Doing bad deeds affect your karma,  you may have lots of money but you may not get to enjoy it!
The world is changing constantly, no one knows what will happen tomorrow.
She is greedy that she like gaining extra advantages from others.
He is very happy that his firstborn was a boy.
I've added your computer into company's active directory domain.
Whenever my nieces and nephews come over to my place, it becomes total chaos and they make a mess of everything, and every time I have to spend a lot of time to clean up the house.
The snakehead had the illegal immigrants stay in the bottom of the cabin, telling them not to move even if they heard any sounds.
As the typhoon is approaching, Hong Kong will be affected by the unsettled weather.
The domestic helper was off for only two days, but then he made the house all a hideous mess.
This hairstyle is not for all, it doesn't look good on everyone.
Everyone has emotions. The key point is to know how to control them.
The dress is too tight for you to walk.  It would be better if we open some seams on both sides.
Husband book a restaurant to celebrate our tenth wedding anniversary.
He did not mean to insult you, he is just simple-minded.
crying with quite amount of tears
You may say the husband of your parent's cousin is your relative, but not really a close one.
The Transport Department has approved the deployment of single-deckers instead of double-deckers on KMB routes 14B and 95M.
This month I spent a total of three thousand dollars dining and travelling.
Pay attention to the shadows on the model's face during outdoor portrait photography.
You little brat. All you do is playing with your mobile phone day and night.
Don't worry, just take things as they come, we will find a solution later.
You can use this formula to check whether your body weight falls within the normal range.
The painting is too colourful that I can't distinguish any part from others.
Every weekend, people come to this country park in small groups to have a barbecue picnic.
The company is not doing so well, and our bonus this year is going to shrink for sure.
He speaks with a lisp. I can't quite make out what he was trying to say.
I sent many job application letter, but there isn't any reply.
This game is easy at the beginning, but its difficulty grows exponentially later on.
Since he offended the Commissioner of Police, he was demoted to Sha Tau Kok to "guard the reservoir".
China is regarded by some people as a developed country.
There was a big sale of luggage and he would like to buy the one he fancied.
The fortune-teller told that you would meet a benefactor this year.
The fast food restaurant's product is all ordinary and mediocre. Don't expect too much.
I am happiest on the weekends because I don't have to go to work.
I said you could get into university in the early time.
That A-ling won the Mark Six was well publicized.
While the security was escorting the jewellery, there was a traffic accident.
Deal with the report with your partner.
In this police operation they arrested a total of two men and one woman.
That scumbag has cheated all my money,  the sky and earth will not forgive this sucker, woo woo woo....
She was not feeling well yesterday, so I attended the meeting in her place.
Although this is very difficult, as long as we are persistent, we can make it.
He earns a couple tens of grands every month, life is not that bad for him.
If you want to work in this company, you first need to possess a bachelor's degree. Then, you need to pass the interview and internship.
He works overtime every day and even on public holidays occasionally.
The weather is very nice today. We should go for a picnic instead of working!
Two months of summer vacation is good enough for me.
I didn't eat enough for lunch, and it's still too early to eat dinner. I'm caught between two stools, so I might be better off just having afternoon tea.
Nobody thinks you are a mute even if you don't speak. Do me a favour, shut up!
Only a few people truly appreciate this antique.
He controls the entire police force, he can do whatever he wants and can arrest anyone as he wish.
Being decisive is an important quality of a leader as he can't miss any opportunity.
Why did song books use to be greatly marketable in the past but no longer survive now?
Oh my, no! I couldn't earn any this time and even lost all my money!
Should you see anyone drowning, you should save him.
Dad has bought a car as our wedding present.
This is such a piece of cake, I can finish it within five minutes.
This old car breaks down all the time. The repair costs will mount up over the years, so you'd better buy a new one.
I lost my ID and have to make a declaration tomorrow. How annoying.
Now they have a new medicine to cure him, he can finally be saved.
Be careful of that person, he might just want to pretend and to steal stuff from your home.
This country executes about 100 prisoners every year.
Last night she stayed up finishing her adding assignment by the deadline. Of course she feels sleepy.
He said that he would buy an apartment in three years, but he doesn't even have 30 thousand dollars in the bank right now.
Put a drop of this deadly poison into the pot of soup. You bet he will die soon after he has it.
This cockroach killer is so powerful that there's no place it doesn't go into. It can kill all cockroaches in your house in a week.
He seems like a nice person, but he actually always secretly talk bad about the others.
This newspaper prints news of sex and violence to wow its readers.
Please remove a chicken from the freezer to defrost it.
You have argued with your boss for so many times, so I am afraid there would be no luck for you in the near future.
"I dropped a candy under the desk." "Use a pen to move it out."
His book sells very well, I heard that a hundred thousand copies have already been sold.
This batch of paintings contains both real and fake ones. I need your keen eyes to tell them apart.
To solve this long-standing problem, we must work closely together.
If you move further from downtown, transportation will cost $10 more per day. Think about the long run.
You've practised the piano for so long. Why don't you go outside for a walk?
Science subjects include Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, etc.
An elderly person is fortunate to pass away in their sleep.
I didn't finish my homework and as a result, the teacher berated me.
The airline company upgraded my flight to business class for free.
Don't keep saying this and that. Do what you're supposed to do!
His biggest weakness is being too soft-hearted.
As Hong Kongers, we don't know what our nationality is.
He said he alone finished the group project. Such a shameless man!
New moms need to adjust their lives in many ways, and that will build up a lot of pressure. It is better to hire a post-natal helper to help out.
Don't try to gain sympathy from us. You really did something wrong this time.
Let's go swimming tomorrow, what do you think?
Our teacher told us to do our revision at home.
This handbag has a great design which attracts many women to buy.
There's nothing I like better in the winter than to sit around the stove with my family for a hot, hearty meal.
The last trip of the tour concert of the "God of Songs" is approaching.
He isn't even scared of drunk and speeding, risking his life as usual.
Brown wood pulp is bleached to produce white paper.
His father has a powerful background but so what? His son is a failure, only spending money but not earning any. The family business is completely ruined by him.
After eating part of the steamed creamy buns with egg yolk, the fillings poured on his shirt.
It is so rare that we don't need to work overtime. Let's go shopping!
The complexity of the design of this structure is an impressive testament to the skill of architecture.
Your family of seven live in a place of 300 squared feet? It's just too cramped!
The director has spotted a new actress, and would like her to be the lead.
That councilor is best at beating around the bush and avoiding the important questions.
This job may cause a lot pressure, but one will learn a lot from that, and the salary is really good, it is worthwhile to do it.
Click here and you can go in to look for things.
His whole life is woven with several tragedies, he's like the most tragic person in the world.
He only has the wits for trickery, don't rely on him on anything important.
Some basic moral principles should not be compromised.
I am pissed whenever I see the HKSAR flag. How can we have such a bad design?
Nowadays the economic situation is so poor. Benefits like promotion or getting a rise are no longer viable.
He talks loudly on his phone as if no one else is in the cinema.
Even if the war is coming, he and his friends are still talking cheerfully and humorously.
Many old men like to go to Cantonese restaurants, eating dim sum while reading the newspaper.
You are always so careless and inattentive. How will you achieve something great in the future?
I work so hard because I don't want to let my family down.
The frozen meat and seafood were all spoiled during the power outage, so now it smells putrid now.
It hasn't rained for several months, so the ground is dry.
Thinking back, if you had listened to me, everything would have turned out fine.
Having done so much evil, he must show the cloven hoof one day.
This mobile phone is specially designed for young people who have good taste.
The cashier has no way to communicate with the Japanese customer, like a chicken talking to a duck.
He was nervous at first. He only started to know everyone after a while.
As long as we have plenty of time for the journey, we need not hurry.
This is a matter of duty, I will do whatever I can to help you.
Many artists are communicating in the gallery.
He was fired for being late for work all the time.
I wonder, how many candidates will qualify in the end?
You are so lucky this time. You can't go through all these next time.
You two are sister and brother, you should love each other and shouldn't fight, ok?
The race car lost control at the corner and spun 3 times before hitting the crash barrier.
I'm worried that if the baby doesn't drink enough milk, he'll be very skinny. Later, his grandparents will all say that I didn't give him enough milk to drink.
Can you lend me your calculator for the mathematics exam later?
This is no trivial matter. Don't take any action without careful thought.
He is always ridiculed by his boss that he is not diligent enough.
The camera is broken. It won't work even if you shake it.
Do not get yourself into a dead end. Go to talk to someone else.
I have had a lot of troubles lately, and I have to sort out my thoughts.
Most of the power of Hong Kong is supplied through the burning of fossil fuel.
A-chung messed with that beehive saying that he wants to steal some honey. He ended up being stung so heavily that his face is all swollen.
If my financial circumstances were favourable, I would want to study abroad too.
I have bought more e-books in recent years. It saves a lot of space.
He had just two sips of Long Island Iced Tea, then he passed out.
Just as the New Year starts, ships in the sea will all sound their horns to celebrate.
He bought a belt from a luxurious brand, and he uses it every single day.
The Chief Executive extended deepest condolences to the families of the victims.
Black lipsticks are less accepted. Not many would buy them.
During the time of Qing Dynasty, there were no English lessons in most of the schools in Hong Kong. If one wanted to learn English, one had to follow the Chinese Almanac to learn Chinese Pidgin English.
Congratulations, Mrs. Wong, you're 8 weeks pregnant.
You should finish your homework quickly, don't spend the time on watching TV.
Rumour has it that the rich man murdered his wife.
We are short on players for mahjong, get your ass over here.
Remain vigilance regarding business. Don't trust others easily.
He is a very careful person, once you assign a job to him, he will never break the promise.
Many still believe in the myth of a great future guaranteed after graduating from the university.
After a failed power struggle, he was sidelined into a mere figurehead.
Don't look down on Hong Kong athletes. Many of them have won world-class competitions.
Those who delay to register at the marshal according to the roll call time will be regarded as withdrawal from the competition.
The glass of exposed windows and doors is under strain from wind pressure. We should stay away.
A-chung went to the Buddhist temple to meditate wanting to enter Zen, but his mind is filled with so much filthy things he couldn't.
My daughter is coming back for dinner tonight, let's make more dishes!
The team leader just bluffs his qualification and leads the team.
Siu-ming studies very hard, finally catching up with the English proficiency a Primary 5 student should have.
The market crashed dramatically overnight. I have nothing left to speak of.
He's always been hiding himself lately, we don't know what he's doing.
The death of superstar Leslie Cheung Kwok-wing shocked the entire city of Hong Kong then.
The housewives next door are gossiping again, so annoying.
With this shower gel, a fine foam can be formed.
Your team is losing by two points, you need to rouse yourself and catch up.
The class society has organized a barbeque, shall we invite our class teacher too?
I am sick today, perhaps I should eat a bowl of plain rice congee for my lunch.
Just ignore the boozer! In case he gets mad, we will be in trouble!
A-chung has got himself some snake skin, saying that he'll use sorcery to curse A-ming.
This meal is so cheap. It costs less than one hundred dollars per person.
One should not draw conclusion without clear understanding.
If you change now, you can still become a good person again.
If the temperature is not low enough, frost will not form. There will only be dew.
After the meal, do you want any dessert?
He dyed his hair and wears earrings, who knows where he learned to be so bad.
From a different perspective, had someone treated you the same way, you would be quite upset, wouldn't you?
She invested $1 million in renovating the shop.
The board of panel suggested that his acting was sophisticated enough to be awarded the prize of Best Actor.
She is a faithful Catholic. Every Sunday she goes to the Holy Day Mass.
The number of flights between Hong Kong and London will be increased.
The model is broken. Help me fix it with some super glue.
Cargoes were shipped to Hong Kong then transferred to Mainland China.
They said that it is fine no matter they can find a suitable day or not.
My birthday is in November, and I'm a Scorpio. What's your star sign?
She is an active person in the school, everyone knows her.
Please hold the hand rail, don't keep your eyes only on your mobile phone!
Medical personnel stuck to their post and bear the unbearable during the plague.
He can vividly and thoroughly present the main character's frustration. He is worthy of being awarded Best Actor thrice.
I need to pay an extra charge because I carried an overweight luggage to my flight.
The HKSAR government mandates that children must attend school once they are six.
Once Ming realized his parents were nearly back home, he flew back in bed to pretend to be asleep.
There was a congestion a while, a car moved across the hatched road markings to another line. Soon the police car behind turned on the alarm and chased after it.
Broken glass was scattered all over the place after the explosion.
She first began to weep and then cried loudly.
Don't put personal emotion into work.
Diabetes patients need to inject insulin on a regular basis.
This company has a lot of weird rules. For example, they don't allow employees to come back to the office before 9 o'clock.
Seeing you suffer, there is nothing that I could do.
Please do not haggle the price anymore. It'll be hard for me to turn a profit.
I dread to think the way they say about me behind my back.
I want to go to Langham Place. How can I get there?
My colleague is on sick leave today so I take his job.
The job of a lifesaver is to save people from drowning.
This negative film is overexposed and may not be able to print out good photos.
Whiskers of cats can measure how tall and deep obstacles are.
Is it really necessary to say all things clear? Can't you understand such a simple thing?
The girls in anime might look cute when they always point their toes inwardly, but if we do it in real life, it would be really harmful to our legs.
It's a privilege to serve such a distinguished rummy as you.
She showed off her slim and long legs by wearing a bikini.
He does naught but bury himself in his books without any contact with the outside world. I'm afraid his theses will be so wishful so as to lack any connection to actual society.
I'm so happy today! I joined a lucky draw this afternoon and waited for calling the numbers. When it came to the third prize, the person wasn't there and it became my turn after the second draw, how fortunate!
It is clearly written on the code of conduct that you can't do this.
The profits in this bazaar will be subtracted by the costs, then the remaining amount will be donated to the needy.
You don't have to be too nervous about the exam, just take it easy!
The battery of my phone drains like water pouring. I used it for only an hour and it needs a recharge now.
Right after the incident, she went to hospital for wound inspection. Fortunately the wound was not severe.
Having a different personality as your partner is not a bad thing; these differences can complement each other.
Taking a dump in the toilet again? I have told you to have a healthier diet.
She was a teacher originally, but she quitted and is now playing with the stock market.
The density of pure water is 1000 kg / m³.
The money is used for the rent. Don't spend it on random things.
Actors should also sleeve up and fold their water sleeves well.
When I looked at my mother carefully, I discovered that she has aged a lot.
He's only made a small mistake, there's no need to be this angry.
Honey water is a remedy for coughs and sore throats.
The outdated old system should be abolished as soon as possible.
They dislike each other, but not to the extent of wanting to get a divorce.
The goalie saw through the other team's strategy during the penalty kick, helping their team win the game.
The price of this project is very low, you don't need to work on it so seriously.
The economy is getting worse lately, so less people dine out.
I need to pee, an urgent one. Can you look after the stuff for me?
It was clear that he was able to leave at 4 o'clock, but it was almost 6 o'clock when he left.
It is better to wear a mask in the streets these days to avoid catching the flu.
His pants are so short they look like underwear. Even his buttocks is showing.
A man whistles at the lady in red.
Twenty dollars for a dozen oranges? Cut me some slack, how about fifteen!
This is a great job, a 100 thousand dollar monthly salary with meals covered!
The translated name has so many syllables, it's really hard to pronounce.
He loves to be flattered. He will be happy if you give him a few praises.
I have many speckles on my face even I am just only over 20, how should I do?
Don't worry, the test is not challenging at all; it's just 50 multiple choice questions.
The minibus rushed down so fast that it is in fact quite terrible.
A self-claimed martial arts master challenge a pro boxer to fight, ended up being knocked out within one minute.
You've taken antibiotics for so long. You've got to replenish some probiotics.
It's impolite for you to interrupt people from speaking!
She cried and held my tail of my shirt. She looks so poor.
Not everyone is a superman with extraordinary power.
My computer is down. Please help me check up on it later.
Whatever it costs, I need you guys to find that betrayer out!
That judo master brought the rioter who attacked pedestrians under control in one fell swoop.
Don't be deceived by her usual smile. She is in fact quite malicious.
When you look at people around you in detail, you will find that these people are all troubled and complex. We often choose to simplify, but in the process of simplification we cannot find the answer.
They have earned more than enough and have also found good husbands.
I'm just kidding. Why do you have to be so serious?
The universe and I came into being together; and I, and everything therein, are One.
We need a lot of collaboration work to make the strategy a success.
Once he realized he aggravated the jock at the next table, he cowered in fear and dared not say anything.
I was afraid that now might be too late until fortunately I ran into you at the door, so I don't have to go back disappointed.
This apartment has good sunlight. The balcony is just outside the living room.
You can't change your words.
Putting so much stuff behind the fire door, you won't be able to escape once you have to.
People in Hong Kong are affected and touched by their kind acts.
My grandson has a daughter, and I have a great-granddaughter now.
Since he was small, he has been weak and sick, so his face looks sickly pale all the time.
Can't you be quiet? Don't be a baby.
As the proposal requires some amendment, we need to delay its start.
Good goods with reasonable price here! Come and take a look!
Our neighbor downstairs is complaining about our dripping air-con.
She's not at school today; she probably got sick from standing in the rain yesterday.
"Dangerous drug" is only a general term, actually referring to ten different types of drugs.
This bicycle kick of his is really superb.
For details please read chapter 5 of the book.
After factories moved north, the manufacturing industry started to decline.
Please describe the things you have experienced when you set up your company.
He's very capable - he managed to get a well-paid job before graduation.
Overpopulation is one of the reason that lead to shortage of food.
You are already a grown-up! You should stand on your own feet now.
How much do I need to place a bet on all of these six horses?
He only knows how to flatter the boss at work, it's not unusual to see so many colleagues dislike him.
I passed the driving exam and got a manual-gear licence. Now I can drive either manual-gear or auto-gear cars.
In those years the mainland robbers successively robbed several jewellery shops using AK. The police were totally outgunned.
He lost the lawsuit against the government, so he has to pay the legal costs of 3 millions.
The library has re-arranged the books and we can easily access the books we want at a glance.
Ming stayed in the hospital for a year because of serious illness, he finally discharged today, thanks goodness!
Are you suffering from sore throat? Ask the hawker to throw some aeroplane olives upstairs!
Of course, I am willing to marry you. I don't care how dirt poor you are.
A-chung was concentrated on thinking so that he smashed his head into the wall.
He chides me whenever he is upset, as if I were his punchbag.
While playing on the roundabout at the playground when I was small, I was thrown out, and I hurt my chin so badly I had to get stitched up at the hospital.
Just now he swore at me, and so I slapped his face.
Do not force him, he won't be coerced!
Couples usually give Chinese cake coupons to relatives and Western cake coupons to friends.
This seductress has destroyed people's marriages.
This stock market crash caused many investors to lose all of their money.
He gets used to burying himself into the old materials all day, so unrealistic!
His body has some problems, so he has to see the doctor to do a health check.
The open days was held from 16 Oct to 17 Oct.
That man wretchedly pegged the girl. He might be malicious.
Children with Down syndrome have lower IQ on average.
I now lay bare all your dirty history to everyone!
She's already coming to death! For what does she compete for awards?
I can't trust what you said based on the one-sided story you've told me.
What's the point of working so hard but skipping the meals. The purpose of hard work is to eat better!
You shouldn't give others what you don't like. As the saying goes, do not do to others what you don't want to be done to you.
I slept 10 hours last night, and I'm feeling energised now.
Many families were destroyed in this blaze.
I'll take the minibus to go back instead so that it won't take me longer to wait.
The chief executive held a retreat with the governing team.
He looks very sad, but when people ask him, he hides his feelings, not willing to tell them about what has happened to him.
During the SARS crisis, many shops ran a slack business, without any business.
Louis XVI ruled France from year 1774 to 1789, and was the last monarch in French history.
Since prices all rose with inflation, everything is so expensive now.
Their team put up a good fight, but finally they were still beaten.
Ming's son has only few books to read but he never feels bored.
Have you ever experienced standing upright for 10 hours straight? I have.
Ting Kau Bridge is the first major 4-span cable-stayed bridge.
My boss kept bombarding me with requests. I don't even have time for lunch!
When you start to work, you must take good care of yourself. Don't be lured down the wrong path.
This gift is finely packaged. I really don't want to unwrap it!
Lots of adjectives are used to polish the article.
Smoking is prohibited in public places, offenders fixed penalty is HK$1,500.
Why do you lay your head down?Are you unhappy?
She lost her self-esteem for the sake of money. How sad it is!
Nowadays, election of the traid leaders could be open to everybody.
She likes performing, especially solo.
This person claims that he masters 17 languages.
"Someone said they would sell me a brand new mobile phone for $50!" "That's too good to be true. Beware and don't be fooled."
I saw Chow Yun-fat on the MTR today - he's really tall!
He ruins my business every time he comes. Clearly he has it out for me.
The body does not rotate only when the torques are balanced.
I was too busy at work. It's been quite a while since I last met my relatives and friends.
No need to add new idea this time. It's ok to just copy from the old model.
We three, as sisters and brothers, have worked hard for so many years. We finally accomplished something today.
Let's not talk to him; he always talks back for no reason.
Many amateurs think that the more expensive the equipment is, the better the photo, overlooking the importance of composition and timing.
It was sunny this morning in Hong Kong, but haze shrouded the sky.
The sick dad brings a serious burden to the family.
A comparison between the pros and cons of laptops and tablets
Hang the banner as high as you can!
Can you give my shoulders a massage?
In nature it's either kill or be killed. It's a cruel world.
Your analysis is not supported by any data. It's too subjective.
With that warface of yours, how can you negotiate with others?
No matter where you go, you have three servants around you. That sounds enjoyable!
A total of 196 people participated this time.
When you encounter any legal problem, dial 1234 5678 immediately!
Burglars can probably tell the house is unattended by the piles of letters in the letterbox.
After applying hair wax, you have to rake your hand through your hair.
Your mileage is sufficient for you to redeem a round trip ticket to Europe.
It's better for you to park the car in the car park. The loss will outweigh the gain if you get a ticket.
The clamour of the protestors has drowned out their conversation.
This dude never keeps his word but only takes advantage of others. What a bastard!
In modern society, blind marriage is already outdated.
He is so small that I can easily lift him single-handedly.
I feel dizzy after taking a dose. I really need a sleep.
My son would rather die than sit still and eat the rice. I can't do nothing else for him.
Do not get something that doesn't belongs to you.
Swimming at the Dragon Boat Festival will bring you good fortune.
In a strict sense, my work is not any kind of research but just trivial stuff.
Anniversary of Chinese Communist Party is on the 1st of July.
The notes are all blown away by the wind, please help pick them up quickly!
The selling point of this restaurant is that the food sucks so bad that no one will come after the hype dies down.
Hello girl, hand me your booklist. Let me gather what textbooks you need.
Look at her smile, how she is over the moon with the gift from her boyfriend.
You have made such a huge success in your career. Meanwhile I am still a small clerk in a small company.
As for what kind of person he is, I really couldn't say. He and I are just nodding acquaintances.
Since my debtor committed suicide and was dead, my debt cannot be paid back.
In accordance with such-and-such ordinance, I will escort you to the police station for further questioning.
Are you hungry? I can make some instant noodle for you if you'd like.
Ah-hon always brags about being so popular; however, no one actually likes him .
Hey, get out of the way! I am watching the TV!
He is coughing for bit, better have congee for dinner tonight.
"Harry Potter" is titled after the name of the main character.
He makes his boss a mere figurehead with two years of trickery and power games.
Young people can easily get a feeling of being lost and go astray.
He's already been in a coma for a month. As a doctor, I can't tell whether he will wake up either.
The monitor of your laptop is quite big.
When you cannot have it again, what you can do is don't forget it.
Although the two were seldom seen apart before, they mutually realised that they are drifting apart slowly.
Water spinach is a seasonal vegetable for summer because of its detoxifying and heat-clearing properties.
It's such a small world here in this industry. Everybody in this profession knows each other.
He always talks back for no reason, such a stuck-up person.
Don't believe a word he said; he's always making false promises.
Usually, the actions of pop stars will become a trend that people will follow and imitate.
Sew the ribbon firmly, or else it will untie easily.
I'll be ready in 15 minutes. Please wait for me.
Have you ever had chickenpox before? It's really itchy.
Sleeping for eight hours a day spends you one third of your life.
The developers sent their staff to possess the properties in the old district. The residents who got driven away expressed their desperation.
You're wanted by the police now, leave the country and lie low!
One side of your glasses is higher than the other. They look asymmetric.
The distributor sends two bunches of newspapers to this newsstand every day.
He's always raising his absent-minded head and loooking around, what a fool.
Forget about the cheap knock-offs. There are tons of original design stuffed figures by locals this year at the Lunar New Year Fair.
Mother feels happy when she gazes at the family portrait.
A: "What kind of profession are you in?" B: "I am a merchant."
He's so stingy that he fusses about even tens of cents with me.
He keeps talking.
The whole company is now knee deep in factional conflicts, my boss was forced to give up a rook to save the king, booting his right hand man in order to save his own skin.
He is a social butterfly and his wedding was attended by celebrities of all kind.
I guess you want me to give you some money for your approval.
Stop calling me! I'm racing to the hospital right now.
This river marks the boundary between the southern and northern part of the city.
Oh, I forgot to pay at the parking meter. Hope I won't get any penalty ticket.
Can you guys shut up for a while and listen to the lecture?
He's addicted to gambling. It will be endless if you lend him money!
This actor is doing a really fine job, his character as father feels alive to me.
We have received your order and a special representative will be following up with you shortly.
All families will post red scrolls on their doors or walls during the lunar new year.
I know it's painful, but please endure. We are about to arrive at the hospital.
My younger brother is a Hikikomori. I am so worried about him.
It's rumoured that female ghosts appear in hospitals, schools and railways.
Nowadays, admitting to being leftist is as tough as coming out of the closet.
I don't eat beef. Why do you order beef meatballs?
His company was liquidated, and he is also deeply in debt.
He became the number-one male tennis player in the world.
Don't let children reach dangerous items easily.
The company gave him a big house as a reward.
With this secret manual, you will master the Buddha's palm!
He is sometimes passionate to me but sometimes cold to me, I don't know whether he loves me or not.
He's been working here for nearly a year, but the boss has yet to recognize his talent.
You scolded the old woman in such a cruel manner that I found it quite revolting.
If I knew he was the traitor, I would definitely not let him get away with it.
A group of ferocious bandits robbed the bank with weapons and shot a pedestrian.
His wet nurse did not only breast-feed him, but also looked after him for more than ten years. That's why they are so close to each other.
The sky is getting gloomy. We'd better find somewhere to hide from the rain.
Government made so many environmental protection instruction just to pretend they care, in fact the garbage still disposed everywhere.
He abso-freaking-lutely doesn't know how to do your stuff, as he never learns it.
After the first reclamation in Hong Kong, the current HSBC headquarters area was at the seaside.
It's hard for a pair of lovers to get along—when you have romance you want space too.
As a professional auto mechanic, bringing along a spanner is very reasonable.
They emigrated to USA and plan to settle there.
This is the only way to school; let's wait for him here.
This time I won't be soft-hearted; I will definitely punish him.
Chi Lin Nunnery in Diamond Hill is simulated the architecture of Tang.
The train has arrived at the terminal station. All passengers please leave the train.
I need to use the washroom now! Come out as soon as possible and let me use it!
The principal has decided to give you a chance this time and will not punish you.
My dad is old.  I let him eat lean meat, instead of fat.
You test the numbers one by one. First you check if it's divisible by 2, and then try 3, 5, and 7, and try every prime number until you reach the square root of that number.
to bring a box of cigarettes through Customs (which is illegal in Hong Kong)
The melody is simple but touching.
Only can you devise such an underhand plan.
I haven't used that machine before and I was afraid I might make mistakes, so I got him to supervise me.
Your store is selling goods at ridiculously low prices, that means you prefer to lose money so that both our stores go down together!
Your straight forward way of speaking easily hurts people.
He is so mean and often provocative, it is so hard to cooperate with him.
I order food for them every day, feel like being used as a tool.
We were just saying that we want some drinks and we suddenly found a drinks vending machine.
There are often groups of rude old men playing chess loudly in the park, shit...
Here comes with a high ceiling, you can stand straight under a loft.
Why does the government nowadays often hire scumbags as high rank officials? They all look crafty and unreliable, even worse than thieves.
They make a huge profit margin. A bracelet costs well under a hundred for them, but they sell them up to over a thousand dollars each.
As you have difficulty in your family, I suggest you seek help from our boss. He is a reasonable person.
To overcome fear, you must face it.
Outside guests can go into the canteen at the tram terminus too.
As I did not manage to catch up with the last chance to see my grandpa, I felt so regretful.
The girl drank way too much last night and lost her virginity with no memory of it.
We've been writing our essays for hours already. Let's take a break and have some coffee for now.
His title is Justice of the Peace—so impressive!
The royal government is heavily guarded. You will be heard if you cough, even just once.
Hongkongers are seeing that their living space gradually filled up by Chinese immigrants, thus outraged.
Everyone already knows about his promotion. It is not a secret at all.
Hong Kong is located at the south of the subtropics, so it rarely hails.
It's just several degrees out today. I am shivering with cold now.
The commission reached a conclusion after 5 hours of deliberation.
I've been working on my essay. It's been three days and three nights so far.
Express all the emotion, that is really "the real you".
This new brand of rice balls will be out in the market this Chinese new year.
Primary school students stamp their names on their books.
Our son often comes home late. You are his father, you should discipline him.
They are going to get married next month, so we should give them a few hundred dollars as a wedding gift.
Back then in the villages, we used to get water from the well to drink.
The two of them began the relationship after knowing each other for less than a month. Perhaps they'll get married very soon!
He has hated me for a long time, these new policies of his are just a disguise to dispose of me!
Most of the rocks are weathered, possibly due to the fact that they are at the seashore.
This cenotaph was built to commemorate the deaths in the pandemic.
I want to cut the corner of this table on this side in order to save some space.
You have been staring at the girl for a long time so eagerly. You adore her, don't you?
I believe that many people are curious about what curators do.
We aren't satisfied at all, how can we let the bill be passed?
My abs is no longer firm because I have not been going to gym for a long time.
Wow, hope I could have found that loophole to cheat the computer earlier,  so that I don't need that long to play all the way through.
Your foot pain is really frequent. Do you want to get checked for uric acid?
The taste of the dumplings is a bit weird. Perhaps it has gone bad?
Why so pretentious? You are just there to look for a sugar daddy.
When you called me yesterday, I was at the door eavesdropping on their conversation.
He has been in the industry for several decades, all his angles have long been rubbed off.
It's so obvious. He must have been told off by his wife.
This company makes money with strong core business, not with publicity work.
His knowledge is very poor. There are so many things that he doesn't know.
Easter egg and Easter Bunny are important symbols of Easter.
It was funny and annoying when he volunteered to sing on stage even though he could not sing.
This old man is really something. He was a world boxing champion.
Is ok to be wrong, let's take the mistake as an experience.
Great seeing you again in this foreign place. We should meet and have dimsum later.
After finishing the graphic design course, she worked in a design company.
These apprentices we hired this year are quite hard-working and willing to learn.
Just because you always come to our restaurant, I will treat you a free snack today!
Don't sit on the fence! Just make up your own mind, alright?
Pest infestations might lead to world food crisis.
He has a young wife and some kids. If you fire him, he'll have no money to support his family.
He thinks he's going to be promoted anytime, so he bought an expensive flat.
They took the same side and coerced their mother to change her will.
Miss Chan hopes that we can all become people useful to society.
I only made a scratch on your car-door accidentally. Do I need to die for that?
I've never studied politics, so please don't hesitate to point out my mistakes.
Stage management requires control of everything happening in the same time. It's not an easy task at all.
Even though the garment is a little too big, just buy it.
The singer  becomes famous shortly after he released his album, winning the Fans' Choice Award for this year.
You'd better buy insurance just in case, so that you'd be compensated should anything happen to you.
There are rotten branches in big trees, she was sexually harassed by the boss in a big company.
If you buy your electrical appliances here, there will be warranty services, and you can also pay by credit card.
I was robbed and I have no money to get home. Can you lend me a hundred dollars?
He has reached the highest level.
The prosecution withdrew the charge due to insufficient evidence.
Mum, teacher chose my writing as students' sample, am I smart?
I can tell from his attire that he is from a wealthy family.
My boss always gives me some errands to run, even asked me to travel from Central to Teun Mun.
Undead creatures are commonly seen in video games with fantasy themes.
Their service often received complaint on its quality.
As the only one who was present during the event, you should be very clear on this issue.
Our society needs interdisciplinary polymaths to look for a way out.
When I was pregnant, I had on-and-off vaginal spotting from 5 weeks till 9 weeks. I was so scared of a miscarriage. Luckily it stopped afterwards.
If one replaces his phone with a smartphone, he or she will be said to be old-school.
I've just received the notification that the University of Hong Kong has admitted me as a student.
Your family financial situation obviously cannot compare with his.
He has written a book, which is called – Yuck! I don't want to mention it - "The Postmodern Construction – An Interpretation beyond Its Framework".
Too many young ones are living by their paycheck nowadays. In our time there was no such thing as financial recklessness.
Government should size up the situation and solve social problems timely.
Addiction to playing online games can be hard to get rid of like that to drugs!
The concept of natural selection was proposed by Charles Darwin.
A-chung said he wants to be Mr. Big, but he quickly ended up arrested.
Due to the construction work, the villagers are forced to move away from their home.
You can always see tourists going on shopping sprees in pharmacies in Japan.
There was an accident on the highway, leading to police closing roads, causing serious traffic jams nearby.
I had a drink with my colleague after leaving the company, so I went home late.
Knowing that her husband has another woman, she left home with her son in a rage.
Those born between 1955 and 1956 should renew their ID card within this month.
My hometown become desolate and without people.
This is a "Rashomon", all witnesses are contradicting to each others, and there's no CCTV at the scene to proof them, what should we do now ?
I saw a woman using green eye shadow on the street. She looked like a ghost.
Let's have dinner together in the evening tomorrow. I can't accompany you the night after next as I will work on the night shift.
He has won the Mark Six lottery and become a billionaire in one night.
There are no distinguishing marks on your ring. It will be difficult to find if you lose it.
Some people have a talent for music, though sadly, without further development and nurturing, it will stagnate.
Some believers may recite Mantra to protect themselves from evil psychic powers.
The epidemic is less serious now, no more new cases discovered.
He doesn't look right lately. I suspect that he's had a relapse.
Nowadays, people do not send SMS.
Never throw away these recording tapes, they recorded your grandmother's voice when she was alive. If you throw them away, your grandpa will be very sad.
This company will start selling warrants publicly tomorrow.
He couldn't put up with his boss's temper, so he quit.
In view of your previous contributions for our company, I won't punish you this time.
He did not finish the homework to see how the teachers would react to his misbehavior.
The highest temperature of this summer is 34 degree Celsius.
A told B: "I love you.". Bystander: " 'Drunk means a thirty percent sober', he should really fall in love with you."
The buzz cut has been quite trendy recently; everybody's sporting a military cut.
It was very obvious from your behavior that you didn't like her.
In remote villages of China, patriarchy is still an ingrained tradition.
Mary has eaten something dirty today so she has diarrhea all the day.
He is so upset today. I need to think of a way to make him happy.
With social networking sites, Mum regains contact with her friends from primary school.
The wind is strong and the bird nest on the tree is on the verge of collapse.
They refused to come to an agreement just because of one chocolate cookie.
There's been a major system outage at my company today; I can't return for dinner.
Prince Charles was created Prince of Wales in 1958.
We have nothing but the bare walls in our house. Where do we have the money for you to study abroad?
Uncle, my little tummy is not feeling well. (children's talk)
One's performance would be disastrous if he skipped his vocal warm-up.
I do the menial work around here: a cup of tea for her, a letter delivered for him, keeping the water coolers filled and the documents photocopied.
I saw a good looking girl last night when I was out for a drink, so I asked for her number.
Unless you go to Guangdung or Nanning in Guangxi, it's hard not to speak in "poor tone hwa" when you visit mainland China.
New York is one of the world's most beautiful cities.
This fully-automatic system will replace the old one.
When a boy is dumped, will he cry publicly on the streets?
There is still some time before the movie starts. Let's go to the arcade for some games.
During SARS, the arriving and departing visitors are required to have their body temperature checked.
The mountains ahead appear indistinctly in the heavy fog.
My mom said if I fail once more, she'll disown me.
Charging salaries tax in Hong Kong depends on the geographical source of the income. It has to be paid if the source is Hong Kong.
Don't promise them so quickly. Are you sure you are capable of helping them?
You've been humiliating me for a whole day. For what?
Fortunately you saved me from embarrassment, otherwise they'd have made me a laughing stock!
With such little resources, either speed or quality has to be sacrificed.
This girl loves to act cute in front of her boyfriend.
Why would you say that you're dying soon? Take it back and say something else!
Though she has a tough life, she staunchly lives through her days.
The civil war of Syria has caused many innocent civilians to lose their lives.
My friend passed away a few days ago. I will go to the funeral parlor tomorrow to say farewell to him.
Living in a single-storey house just next to the seaside should be a wonderful experience.
You had been totally defeated in the argue, I don't know why you still don't want to give up.
Remember to leave a 3mm bleed on the draft, or there will be white edges on the print.
My classmate plagiarized others in his homework but still received one grade higher than mine.
After checking the bill, our boss took out a calculator. We all already knew that we had to pay for the meal ourselves.
He was so scared after watching a horror film.
There have been unnecessary cuts on firefighters' gear, I think it will kill someone eventually.
He's my son and is also my right-hand man in business.
Fuck your mother, you cocky asshole. Are you looking for a fight?
Almost ten flies are stuck on the flypaper after a night.
Recently there's a economic downturn, this type of development plans have to be put aside.
Can you distinguish which is real or fake?
Grab the mic to answer the questions as fast as possible. Understand?
The climax of the riot happened in the middle of the year. Bombs were everywhere.
Property prices keep falling. I will give up buying that apartment and surrender the deposit.
He has a babyface that I thought he was studying in secondary school.
I really hate going out in summer. I would rather stay home.
That rising political star is quite handsome, so I bet he has a lot of wealthy women sponsoring him.
This pot of chicken soup has been cooked in a casserole for three hours at a sufficient heat.
It couldn't be better if the school principal can come to the opening ceremony.
There are a lot of newly invented buzzwords in Cantonese, a lot of them come from the Internet.
How come you're so poor at doing this? These sums are so easy but you still can't work them out.
After staying overnight for two days, all I want to do is go home and sleep.
So now I am going to put a stethoscope on your back, you will feel a bit chilly, take a deep breath.
Christians should follow how the Bible teaches to treat pastors well.
Today's the start of the new school year, and school boys and school girls are swarming the streets again.
It's so sweet of you to live in Ma On Shan but travel this far to send me home in Tuen Mun every time.
I don't have good knowledge of finance, but there is someone that I can ask.
I forgot to get off. I don't know how to go back now.
My mother has been working too hard washing up dishes at the Chinese restaurant, causing her to have trigger fingers.
God, are you blind or something? The pregnant woman was standing, like, right in front of you, and you still manage to bump into her!
He's just bluffing, don't believe him.
He works very hard so his boss increases his salary.
At the entrance of the park, there is an archway gate in memory of the deceased Chinese in war.
Although he works as a bar attendant in a bar, his alcohol tolerance is quite low.
The term leader completed all the tasks by himself, leaving nothing for his members to do.
The table seems to be misaligned. Let's move a bit to align that.
The face of my husband's mother lightens up once she heard that she is going to have a grandson.
You say you can finish all the work tomorrow even though you're this slow? Don't overestimate your ability!
The stadium was packed with fans and old glories to mark the 100th anniversary of the club's foundation.
It's good for you to get sensitive to the feelings of others.
Autistic children don't like talking.
This picture looks neither realistic nor abstract; I don't quite know what this is.
This photo is blurred so I can't see my face clearly.
I don't care whether it's useful or not. It's a bargain, and obviously I should buy it immediately no matter what.
Although the road was difficult to walk along, we reached the destination safe and sound.
After I fell ill I was scared of going out. I needed to take a tranquilliser just to leave my doorstep.
It seems he is an upright person but in fact he is always harboring evil intentions.
Stop it! Why can't you say something good?
I didn't expect with his young age, he can have that potentiality.
This blogger writes high quality commentaries. He is comparable to professional correspondents.
He is used to play western style boxing, the rules said no attack on genital organ, that's why he couldn't handle that sneak attack on his scrotum.
Why you look daggers at me ? Do you want me to beat you up ?
The radius of a circle to the point of tangency is perpendicular to the tangent line.
He doesn't have a cent in his pockets, and you are still expecting him to pay the bill?
Every time I drink, I will definitely order a plate of blood cockle to go with it.
I'd better leave as soon as possible as the situation is so chaotic.
Sentencing is a judicial function to be exercised by the courts independently and exclusively.
He didn't study for the exam. Unsurprisingly, he failed.
Composing a song for a competition, he played the guitar singing it on the stage.
Flowers carefully planted did not bloom fragrant; the willow branch carelessly buried grew to become a shade.
It is Ramadan now, remember to fast from sunrise to sunset.
The government appointed many Leung Chun-ying supporters to various committees.
If a failed policy causes public dissent, the responsibility is on the government.
The rhyme of 'cake' is 'ake'.
Along with the development of the society, the landscapes of brooks change as well.
He was too mature in his youth, and would always mimic an adult's way of speaking.
A: "How smart you are!" B: "So are you!"
The government remains silent to this day regarding the massacre that happened years ago.
My parents are open-minded, so I don't have to marry a Hongkonger.
I've contracted an incurable disease, I have about three months left.
These questions should be left for the successor.
You finished four bowls of rice yourself. You'll be stuffed.
Sometimes newly emerged usages or those from a relatively small population are included in this dictionary.
My teacher said these are unimportant points in the book. They won't be tested for on the exam.
Fisherman should use the fishing tools carefully so as to prevent damages to the seabed.
War has always caused many people to lose their families and wives.
As there are many children, please stop the dirty talk.
Sorry to have you cross the globe to join this meeting in Africa.
Jay doesn't like you, so please don't fall for him.
This hypothesis can be confirmed with a magnetic-resonance scan of the brain.
Just now in the ring, A-ming delivered a punch of tremendous power, knocking A-chung out cold in a single hit.
They catch their opponents off guard in a sudden attack. Brilliant!
He started his business from scratch, after 20 years, he is now the leader of the industry.
Have you looked for a partner for the ball in the end of this month?
The student union printed a lot of posters to promote the singing contest.
Since you'll go to the library, can you help me return the books?
Sir, it's free to apply for the club membership now. Are you interested in it?
In the old days when raising birds was a trend, all the the bird breeders would bring their birds with cages to the tea house. How lively it is!
In fact, Mr. Lee is not aiming at being a teacher, his dream is to be a headmaster.
I had a row with him yesterday. Please don't ask me to contact him for you.
My mum got lots of admirers when she was young and unmarried.
Supporters are to be persuaded and won over. Votes do not come by indiscriminate criticism.
Honestly speaking, you are a grown up. How come you need to be reminded what you should do every time?
He fears death so much and the working environment here is so dangerous, I don't think he'll last very long.
The government spends 100 billion dollars on a railway that no one would use.
He brought weapons with him. He might be hostile to us.
Our company mainly sells television sets, followed by audio equipment.
There's no other convenient transportation from Hung Kiu to New Market. I think taking the Light Rail is the best.
I've been unemployed for half a year already, still can't get a job.
I borrowed 30 dollars from you the day before yesterday. I will return the money now.
He has obtained his success by studying diligently under tough conditions for 10 years.
He decelerates thinking he has won, and gets overtaken by his opponent before the finish line.
Many children love Christmas, because they receive Christmas presents that day.
Don't cut along the grain when you slice meat. It is going to taste awful.
The endlessly white snow outside the window is soothing.
I know that truth... I don't need your true speech.
Despite a reporter taking a picture of them travelling together, they steadfastly denied that they were having a relationship.
You should inhale then exhale when you take a deep breath.
The best moment for us to escape is when everyone is asleep after midnight.
Boss isn't in a good mood today, we're bound to suffer.
She must be very upset from such things you've said.
My dad died soon after I was born. My mum lived as a widow and raised me.
I've heard that she won't wear any underwear while she is on stage. Pay attention to it.
They've competed for five rounds but it's still not known who's won.
The residents are afraid that there is lead in the drinking water, so many of them has bought water purifiers to filter the water.
Hundreds fell victim to expired concert ticket fraud.
I hired you to help me work on those numbers, got it?
Our boss has been replaced and so will we. You'd better think about any alternative.
Teachers will often require students to sit cross-legged during PE lessons.
That horror movie is terrifying for even ghosts. A-chung was so scared he wet himself halfway through watching it.
Fat pork has lots of fat, don't eat too much of it!
There is a break of 5 minutes between classes.
Why does your hair look so lank today? It looked sharper before with the gel.
I suspect my wife is cheating on me. I have hired a private detective to keep an eye on her.
Recently the stock market keeps falling, once I'd bought I got trapped.
How do you calculate the volume of a sphere? I forgot.
There will be a construction involving a detonation nearby. Drivers please be aware.
He loves gardening, so he always plants flowers in his garden.
His lecture was very informative, it shows that he was well prepared for it.
This dish is so famous; we really need to savour it.
We'll now have a drill on the competition run down first.
He made an appointment with me and didn't keep it last time, so this time I won't trust him.
She does something illicit secretly to earn money.
Talking about his idol, Siu-Ming talks incessantly.
Someone upstairs plays loud music every night. The volume is so loud that I can't watch the TV.
They said we should not separate ourselves from China.
The length, width and height of a hand-carried baggage on board the plane are restricted.
I still don't know how to write a good paper.
Wah disappeared for a long time after graduating from college. He didn't show up until last year.
I won't do the homework for the moment. I'll do it later.
After a century of war and turmoil, this country finally developed into a democratic state.
To survive we have to work together. Let's forget the past.
This month I have already heard him talk about it for thousands of times. I could hardly still be unfamiliar with it.
Inside the deep doors of imperial palace, I am second only to one.
After you started to study abroad, I feel that there is a certain distance between our income and ways of thinking.
If you want to visit more places, you should hire a car.
Could you put some sunscreen on my body, please?
This flight route is somewhat roundabout, but on the upside it's cheap.
Let me tell you some of my great escapades when I was young.
This is none of my business, I just defend her against injustice.
This is important to have a notebook for drawing during the lesson.
These cakes do not taste good, do not buy them!
Let's arm-wrestle and see whose arm falls off first.
He has struggled very hard for the position he's in now.
It's me who won the round. He blamed he is not at his prime and refused to admit losing stubbornly.
After the war, the whole town has become ruins.
The farmer will spray pesticides and insecticides on the field in order to eradicate pests.
No.4 takes a long pass to the central front, No.3 gets the spot in front of the goal, volley shoot, GOALLLLL !!
The project has been completed in just a few days.
Wow you are such a good drinker; you aren't even tipsy after two bottles of wine.
He is so good at fighting that he may be a world boxing champion one day!
Rich people get richer and richer. There is no way we can leave poverty.
The graduation ceremony that was supposed to be held in November last year got postponed until now.
I could lend you money, so that you could achieve the dream of opening up a store
He parked his car at the entrance of the hospital for convenience. It is fortunate that all he gets is a parking ticket.
How many souvenirs did you bring back on this vacation?
That nasty man always comes home late, he must be drinking soup outsides!
He has made so many mistakes that even his boss wouldn't dare to speak up for him.
I am passionately devoted to her but she has never been touched.
You should make more friends, so you can take care of each other if there is any problem.
You should do your work from beginning to end and never give up halfway through.
Fruits contain a great amount of dietary fibre, which can aid digestion.
We have to look for the meaning of life on our own. It makes no sense to drift with the tide, does it?
The fireman promptly made a decision in the fire and grabbed the helpless child.
I love to collect first day covers, as I believe that they've got sentimental value.
If I didn't take any risks to expand our business on that day, our company wouldn't have today's achievements.
You should not overestimate him. He is just a mediocre person.
This kid is very arrogant. He always shows off.
You're so hostile towards your wife, be careful - she doesn't want you.
I'm sorry, I know you might not like what I said, but I just had to get it off my mind.
Those two guys are whispering to each other at the back. They might be planning something.
You've got three "two" cards, you can hardly lose in this game.
This handbag cost a fortune! Paying for it gave me major heartache.
I need to borrow from others for this meal. I haven't worked out where to find my next meal yet.
I've already pay all your debts. Don't you dare ask me to pay your rent. You've gone too far.
Many Hongkongers emigrated to foreign countries before 1997.
This Chinese pool has a unique appearance.
Returning after living overseas for ten years, I realised that Hong Kong was no longer the place I used to know.
We will add a moment of silence before the match begins.
The name of my boss is known by everyone.
The paifangs of different villages all seem to look alike.
Eating congee only doesn't keep me full. I'm hungry already.
I don't know who you are, why should I trust you?
He enraged the emperor so he is beheaded publicly.
My phone is stuck deep under the cabinet, I can't reach it.
He discovered that he got a positive in the AIDS blood test.
During a typhoon, citizens should stay at homes for the sake of safety.
time passed, but he is still always late.
C. Ronaldo has not scored a goal in two games. Foreign newspapers ridicule him as "Ronulldo".
There are over 40 Cantonese operas that were debuted by Mr. Lam Ka Sing.
Many people are fond of the so-called "pure-blood" cats and dogs.
The length of a human's artery can surround  the earth two times.
He accidentally said something bad about me.
I've picked up many new hobbies during this period of time.
What he says sounds like a well-written essay! No wonder he is an editor of a literary journal.
After he superficially made changes to the words of your thesis, he then took it as a new thesis.
Mrs. Chan next door lives a pitiful life. I heard that her husband never pays her any attention because he keeps a mistress on the side.
She has a clear-cut line between love and hate. She loves someone to the bones and vice versa.
You had been swindled so much money. What a silly girl!
In many cultures, dragonflies are thought to be related to supernatural powers.
I have just returned to Hong Kong, I don't have any Hong Kong dollars.
This robot can recognise the voice of its master.
The government drip-feeds information about the lead-in-drinking-water incidents.
He emigrated to the United States in 1990, and has never returned since.
The vaccine adopts mRNA technique, which is the first attempt in the world.
Why are you diddling here? Get back to work.
This article, in terms of the standard of scholarly history, is not rigorous.
After two nights of street sweeping in the night markets of Taiwan, he gained five pounds.
He usually works quite well. He just unexpectedly failed to do well this time.
You two, look, if you want to mock an argument, do it quietly.
I thought we were going to live it up tonight, but it turned out to be another letdown.
I lost the charger for my camera, and I want to get a replacement somewhere.
There is so much food left, let's take a doggy bag and bring them home.
Don't like sushi? How about Thai food? Or steak?
The first step in drawing the Doraemon is drawing the circle and a dot.
This player performs so well that he can break away from four guards' defense alone.
He could not withstand the pressure any more, and handed in his resignation to his boss.
I need to poo, an urgent one. Can you look after the stuff for me?
Because of the chaos of war, she lost contact with her family.
Why did you stalk me like a grudged ghost for the whole day? What do you want?
Many girls wish that their lovers are caring guys.
This disease was spread by water contaminated by faeces.
Please stop bitching. This is what cheap hotels are like.
You can get a panoramic view of the Victoria harbour from the Peak.
I haven't seen my girlfriend in ages. I really wanna ravish her.
As the commander, I must be held accountable for this incident.
The government can be tough when dealing with common citizens, but when facing the landlords it becomes a toothless tiger.
Some people said that he came good out of a misfortune, he could only give a wry smile.
He is so well-heeled and handsome, and that's why he's being pursued by a number of girls.
Just like human beings, the car radiator has to be topped up more frequently on such a hot day.
Originally we planned to go for a picnic today. Unfortunately, the weather is so bad that we cannot go.
I've been on this post for ten years already. It's time for me to step down and let somebody more qualified to take over.
Hey, we are advantaged at bidding this deal. Don't let it go!
Why did you take away my passport?
Everyone goes on a date, does it mean that everyone really wants to go on a date?
You should avoid eating rice today, since you are sick. Let me cook some congee for you.
The Hospital Authority has implemented triage measures in dealing with patients in the emergency room.
This kind of plant is heat-tolerant, so it can grow in deserts.
Abortion is the same as killing. Ensure safe sex before it's too late.
The bus driver caught a fare dodger yesterday.
After all, he's only a child. Don't force him to do it.
Ticker flippers have bought all tickets and left no tickets for other patrons.
I won't admit my defeat until the last moment.
The mall has revived after eateries joined.
Get rid of this sort of cheap liquor, which is quite harmful to your health.
They are always standing in sharp opposition to each other, and neither side is prepared to compromise.
His arm was hurt that he is being clumsy recently.
The Hong Kong Government shall follow the principle of keeping the expenditure within the limits of revenues in drawing up its budget.
It's not me who make the trouble. It is useless to blame me.
Their passionate love really makes others envy.
I am following international news these days.
This maths test was really easy. I didn't even need to revise for it.
He has a wonderful wife, what a blessing.
He is so greedy, he even took a set of cutlery from the restaurant while eating.
It is normal for us to have different points of view.
They are having a good time playing hand games while drinking.
It is said that many years ago, there was a castle here.
The government will put the emergency reserve into use to confront the financial crisis.
When some girls pout, people come to offer help immediately.
How can this fucking idiot be admitted to university? He even doesn't know how to make a simple questionnaire!
Don't beat about the bush, just tell me where you are.
I idled the morning away, not having done a single thing.
I have a night shift today, so I need to take a nap in the afternoon.
I have been using this package of washing powder for six months. It's quite economical.
I am very lucky these days, as everything goes on smoothly.
Carbon monoxide decreases the oxygen carrying capacity of blood.
You owed me $50 already, and you still want more?
We sincerely hope that the school will agree to our request.
I didn't stretch before running, and now my calves really hurt.
The dog saw the reflected image of itself in water, believing that the image is another dog.
My son had a febrile seizure when he was small. Luckily he grew out of it.
He fails in everything he does. You shouldn't be too close to him.
LegCo members protested by staging a walkout during the meeting.
He designed a game even the elderly will like.
I need $10 to buy only 2 oranges? You've got to be kidding!
Why are you so indecisive? You have thought for too long over buying these trivial things.
The security guard saw two suspicious people outside the bank, so he called the police.
After the emergence of mobile phones, phone booths now only work as shelters from rainfall.
A-chung went to visit prostitutes. Now he had contracted STD.
In order to persuade voters to vote for them, candidates in the legislative election all visit every district to promote.
He has failed to submit homework for ten times this year. The teacher is so furious and scolds him loudly.
Use medium-low heat first, wait until heat transfer to the whole pan, then put the ingredient on it.
That boss' wife is really grumpy, she scolds the workers every day.
I have already won $3000 by playing Blackjack, how lucky am I!
Don't feel arrogant for being the 1st in class. There are plenty of schoolmates smarter than you.
Mrs. Wong has decided to get baptized at Christmas and officially join the church.
Please provide some dry ice to keep the ice cream cake cold.
As she's ordinarily a good student, I never thought that she committed a theft. I was petrified.
In the hundred years since its foundation, this university has brought success to a number of talents.
We invented this new product based on a predecessor's research.
They went through all the trouble to win this competition.
Today's the black Friday; and I saw a hearse once I left home. Bad luck!
Normal price products will all be offered a 20 percent discount, except special price products.
This time you've caused some real trouble, you have to solve it yourself.
This file is great, but pity that it is released long ago, no one is seeding it now, we can't download it.
That department store is having a sale and people are flocking for it.
It is already November, but it is still very hot.
Surrounded by the police, the suspect shot and killed himself.
Good wine needs no bush. The barbecued pork you sell is so delicious - you don't need to fear that no one appreacites it.
His car was toally destroyed in the crash, it is very lucky that he is still alive.
Those players are too hot-headed, and that's why they lose more and more marks.
This singer only sings the typical pop songs, which everyone could sing. That's so boring.
Doctor, the patient has waited for a long time!
Mum teaches me not to strike up a conversation with a stranger on street.
This pair of socks are too thin that you'll get holes on it after wearing it for half a month.
Both his father and mother are English teachers, so when he was young, he didn't realize he was being influenced by what he saw and heard, and now he speaks fluent English.
The right or wrong of the whole life of a political icon, the history will give him a just comment.
I feel tired and lack energy these days. No matter how much I sleep I don't feel it's enough.
My grandmother says century eggs with snowflake patterns on the surface are the good stuff.
You should study hard, otherwise you'll fail the exam.
You're dumb! Why didn't you ask for deposit before ordering the goods for the customer?
He's a university graduate, of course he has a higher social status.
The problem of child gangs in this new town has not been rooted out yet.
He is a good driver, and he passes the sharp turn smoothly.
They love each other and have a close and deep relationship.
Papaya is very 'cold,' so you should not eat too much of it.
Our department will refer this case for you to follow.
You're going to end up an ugly housewife if you keep staying at home like that.
When driving I hate passengers stopping at midway bus stops to board.
This company specialises in transporting bulky furniture for its customers.
How's the match between Liverpool and Chelsea going?
No matter how you implore him, he will never help you.
My report is not very well-written. I'm definitely going to get a scolding from my boss at tomorrow's meeting.
It is lucky to win when we are facing a strong team.
After having the cake, I am so full that I can't have any more food.
Some people have eccentricity in private, but as they don't bother others, we need not make storm in a teacup.
Having not played any ball games for such a long time, my skills has become rusty.
I saw this accident happened, I can be the witness.
Yeung Hau Temple in Tai O had its status "upgraded" from a "Grade 1 Historic Building" to a declared monument.
Owls are treated as a symbol of wisdom in many cultures.
It is now one hour before the handover. He should not be in the office that early.
They are so powerful that they have a lot of connections with others.
My friend teaches in a secondary school. He finishes work as late as eight every night.
After hearing his words for some time, I think the deal is a fake.
My dad and my mum are not in Hong Kong. I need to fend for myself no matter what happens.
Calm down! Cars will not move faster even if you lose temper!
Though the editors sometimes fail to complete the contents of posts, they work hard to keep the standard.
During Lunar New Year, many would buy gift boxes for their friends and relatives.
There are fewer passengers than usual today. The minibus is still not full after 5 minutes.
The Guangshen'gang XRL connects Hong Kong with Beijing, Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
From a lower position to a higher position, he was a assistant in the past and now he is a manager.
I give an F to students who miss even a single class.
It's normal to get a little scared your first time watching a horror film.
No matter you continue your study or start working, we would respect your decision.
Let's take a shower in the bathroom after working out.
We didn't force him to pay for our lunch. He did it on his own wishful thinking.
He is very worldly-wise, he won't disturb you two during your quiet time together.
Strawberry Sundae is not as sweet as the chocolate one.
Don't start crossing the road when the walk sign is flashing.
The government has approved this development plan already.
Today, we have invited many guests to the show; let me introduce each of them to you.
Oh no, this is such a long queue, the head is still out of my sight even after queuing for half an hour!
It was a heavy rain that I was soaked to the skin.
He's a believer, so he's usually not free on Sundays.
Hong Kong is famous for its many types of cuisine, which is why so many foreigners come to taste them.
What do I have to do on a regular basis? Well, going for a leisurely walk, chatting with neighbours, and what not.
Have you naughty pests scream enough? Can you guys just sit down and do some reading for a moment?
Since we can't reach an agreement, let's split up!
The tea shop's boss often gives me tips to distinguish good tea leaves.
The Man Mo Temple Free School, founded in 1880, was later managed by Tung Wah Hospital and became the first Tung Wah free school.
You obviously stole it, but you still insist that you didn't do it!
The township government, of course, can do whatever they want. The central government is far away and cannot control it anyway.
Mongolian yurts these days are technologically advanced. Apart from having electricity and water supply, some even have solar panels.
This brown-coloured armchair has a small side table in the same colour. It is beautiful and practical.
People here lead leisurely lives. They are not as stressed as Hongkongers.
It's Monday again. Everyone dreads Mondays, we have to go back to work again.
The Pearl River is rich in water resources and surrounded by plains to boot. Thus, the area is fit for large-scale settlement of humans.
I will give you a chance and will not haggle with you on this issue.
Didn't you ruin it? I told you not to fight over it. Now it's broken and can't be played!
By studying past cases, doctors can lower the chances of misdiagnosis.
But do good grades guarantee a university place? Well, not necessarily.
He doesn't lose his temper no matter how irritated. What a "damp firecracker"!
Don't play with him, he is bad at ball games and loves to throw a fit.
He has a big appetite. You can tell from his fat body.
He is well-known to be narrow-minded and disloyal, can turn from friend into enemy any time, you better beware.
Nobody knows what role his father played in his childhood.
This scarf is too tingly for me so I seldom wear it.
Whoa! Your next semester starts in October? Maybe there's still time for another trip?
It's quite coincidental that it starts raining during the breakup.
I want to buy them a photo frame for their present, but I'm afraid that they have already got a lot.
When I was small, I liked to do a cartwheel when I came out from backstage to join the dance. Usually, there would be a lot of applauses when I came out like this.
Do you think he regards you as his friend? He calls you brother when he needs you, but he thinks you are just a jerk.
I'm just an ordinary employee. I have no power nor influence.
From then on, they lived a very happy life.
I hope all of you, my big brothers, can look after me.
As a man, one should always help the people in need. Remember not to maltreat an injured person further.
Regarding this matter, I wouldn't make any comments.
Where the hell did he learn to drive? He changed lanes without signalling!
I got a lot of work at the office today and worked overtime until 4 a.m. When I got home, I was half-dead.
It's not surprising that the sun has an extremely hot core, but despite being far from the surface, it turns out the corona is ultra hot too.
By the way, tomorrow is a public holiday.
How's it going now that Ming has started to court you?
The flat's deal price in 1970 was 100000 dollars.
My friend is stuck in the middle of conflicts at work, and it's hard to get out of the mess.
Dad said that when I was small, I used to love holding his hands and strolling around.
That guy disguised as a doctor and saw patients in a hospital, and was only discovered after two months!
How annoying those kids keep creating noise on the plane.
I am entirely blameless and has a conscience as sound as a bishop's, frivolous slanders mean nothing to me.
If he listened to me, the problem would not have arisen.
When using some government online services, some authentication process is usually required to confirm your identity.
His wife and kids went off to Canada, leaving this astronaut alone in Hong Kong to earn a living.
On behalf of our company, I would like to express our sincerest gratitude to all of you.
Hey man, I don't want to guess anymore! None of my guesses is right! Just tell me the answer quickly!
This place is freezing in the winter; I feel cold even with a down jacket on.
Teens are energized, they are no problem with playing overnight.
Don't print everything. You will run out of paper soon.
Upon hearing that there is no school because it's a holiday, children will be jubilant for sure!
You rascal boss is so troublesome, how come he keeps sending messages to order you to work after office hour?
Sandwich pun : "Half a piece of Lychee" -- extremely angry
You always have this harsh look. Who dares to speak to you.
That professor is an old by-the-book scholar. He's so inflexible.
He has a sonorous voice, that's why it sounds pleasant when he is singing lower parts.
In Hong Kong, you can taste various kinds of seafood.
The tax revenue in this financial year is once again record-breaking.
I have to go home now or I'll get it from my mum!
He couldn't put up with his boss's temper, so he quit.
Reality shows must be controversial and that is why they can attract audience.
If you're going to the cocktail party, don't just stand in a corner, go and socialize with others.
He always dreams about buying a pair of villas after winning the lottery.
You are grown up, learn to spoon the rice yourself, don't let your mum feed you.
The Hungry Ghost Festival is coming, please help buy some gold, sliver and clothes paper.
It wasn't a spontaneous thing. We fell apart due to long standing issues that were not satisfactorily resolved.
If you treasure your Gundam figures so much, store them properly. Don't leave them here and there.
After he exited the political arena, he was indifferent about the affairs in the world and moved back to his hometown.
A foreign singer will be debuting tonight in the club.
If your hand is so dry, you can use Vaseline.
I hate preparing shredded chicken because I need to shred the whole chicken.
The general once served with distinction in the war, thus building his own prestige.
The post has been deleted. It's no use posting a dead link.
After his graduation, he remained in his alma mater to teach.
J. K. Rowling's new novel is very popular after she became famous.
As your combat advisor, I suggest you call off this attack immediately.
My wife vent her anger by being tough with me, she picks my small faults and amplify it as big as the sky.
There are only a handful of game modes and maps in this game, which are not impressive.
I came and just saw him on the floor, blood oozing non-stop from his head. I sent him to the emergency room right away.
Ar Chung will quit school at the end of month and emigrate.
The chicken wings of this restaurant is simply fabulous. You must go and try some.
The teacher teaches here a bit and teaches there a bit, scattering [the content] all around.
I know you're in trouble now, but you have to hang on.
I have not had any homemade meals since I studied abroad.
You don't have any common sense!
This chartered flight is used to transport a dog to England.
No wonder he was the champion - he played tricks in the game.
It's stressful to deliver a speech in front of so many people.
You losers better fuck off and not interfere with our business.
How scary it was. There was a flashover when I tried to switch on the gas cooker.
If my parents get cancer, I won't hesitate to provide them the best treatment, even if it would exhaust my savings.
When I was young, I thought I could engage in high-risk behaviour without suffering the consequences, so I drove my father's car and ended up breaking my leg.
I want to replace the lightbulb. Do we have a ladder at home?
The police car blocked the road. No car can go in and out.
Just give me a shout when you're hungry. I'll grab you some cookies.
A biscuit can be all I've eaten in one day - my friends said I have a belly that can endure extreme hunger.
Will your husband come and have dinner with us?
My grandfather is such a kidult. He is in his seventies but still loves to play tricks on others.
I was in a hurry catching a bus this morning and didn't realize my wallet falling off.
This deal just like betting on Tai-Sai, so risky and unpredictable.
She and her former boyfriend are still entangled in their relationship.
The tradition of lantern lighting in celebration of births of male infants is still maintained in villages in the New Territories.
The winning team will gain prizes worth $500000.
Everyone thinks that they are a perfect match.
Everybody's here, why don't we have hotpot tonight? It's easy to prepare and we can chat around the pot.
That antiquer/antique collector decided to give all of his antiques to the museum as a present.
Nowadays, many criminal organizations always use "white gloves" service to help them do money laundering.
He injured his waist during a ball game. It took him a whole month to recover.
He jeers at her daughter's plumpness to get her to loss some weight.
His first choice in Central Allocation program is a government-owned school.
After hearing the news, he had a heart attack and was sent to hospital.
There was a quarry in Diamond Hill. That's why it's called "Drilling Rock Mountain" in Cantonese.
Could you please not use profanity? That's so unpleasant to hear.
Recently, businesses have been giving out gifts to the public in order to help the government increase the vaccination rate.
She is still young, she won't understand adult matters.
The people who stand with the government believe it is only the students themselves to be blamed for getting rolled to death by tanks.
The zombies are coming.  We'll die together if you don't move now.
Are you telling me how to do, newbie? I'm way more experienced!
Wow, why she have the make up all in crimson red ?
Mr Wong is a clever man that he can quickly deduce similar cases.
He needs to lie in bed after the surgery, so he has to use a urine bag temporarily.
The professor is an extremely learned individual, and his manner of speaking highlights that erudition.
You don't have a family relationship, why are you helping him so much?
People spend one-third of their time sleeping. In comparison, the time spent in the toilet is definitely less than that.
Our boss is in a great mood today and bought us a box of egg tarts.
Common cold is different from a flu: you will get a lot of nasal secretions in a cold but you won't feel that sick. In contrast in a flu you would get muscle aches and fever, and feel a lot more sick.
It is really disgusting to change his stance to kick CCP's ass and express his loyalty using his friend's popularity.
There are only three weeks left from the due date. You have to pack the labour bag as soon as possible.
He said something and then the audience burst into laughter, he himself didn't even know what's happening.
Mix starch with water on the side for later use.
This booklet is printed on recycled paper, so the cost is a bit higher.
It's really cold here. Can I swap my seat for yours?
The police officer arrested the wrong guy and was given admonition.
Is the dress really that bad? I only bought it because my boyfriend said I looked good in it.
I thought it would be quite simple to pick up by the looks of it, but in truth it is hard to excel in.
He fell crazy about her and he could do anything for her.
He is such a quail; he doesn't even make eye contact with people when he speaks.
Your mother scolded you out of good will.
We pushed and pushed but the piano wouldn't move.
They have been bitter against each other and every meeting of theirs inevitably deforms into a heated argument. How could they possibly work together?
This article has explained in detail the disadvantages of destroying the habitats.
My boss always asks us to do meaningless things.
A-chung was drugged at the bar, and found that his clothes and money were all gone when he woke up.
Police are appealing for witnesses to the accident to contact their nearest police station.
Why do those parents let their children run around in the restaurant?
Don't swear so much in front of the kids; they might just copy you.
She is as tough as a female tiger. It's surprising that she managed to get married!
Asking for directions along the way, we arrived at our destination in no time.
Kowloon was ceded to the UK by the Qing dynasty in 1860.
He made a big sneeze suddenly and made everyone nearly fall off their chairs.
He has already gained enough nominations that he can run the presidential election.
We have been modifying the proposal for a month, I'm glad that finally it's done!
Your girlfriend is very mad at you. You have to lower your ego and try to conciliate with her.
You were sleep talking again last night. It really freaks me out.
Donating used clothes to the needy can help with their living and reduce waste. It is gaining two ends at once.
eating noodles until started slurping
A-chung doesn't know a thing about mathematics but chose to major in physics. He ended up failing it all.
The Observatory says there'll be north wind in the coming two weeks, so it'll start to get colder.
I like everything about you. You're nice to people, you're a good girl, you're kind-hearted and like to help others. The problem is, I can't stop thinking about my ex.
I have ten grandchildren and one great-grandchild. The great grandchild is three-months old.
He loves to show off. See, he's doing magic tricks to try and get all the chicks' attention again.
We shall team as a pair and win the doubles championship.
Take the pills when the time comes! Don't make me worried!
I will take care of myself when I arrive at the States.
They met in a musical group and became good friends quickly because they have a common goal.
He can even hardly afford to live in Yau Ma Tei, let alone Happy Valley.
In the past, storms and rain were disastrous for farmers.
Stanley Ho had 4 wives, and his first wife was a Portuguese.
Someone online spent several millions to buy her virginity.
In 1960s, transistor radios made in Hong Kong were famous far and wide.
The Ka family has much fewer many financial resources than before, despite its strength in appearance.
He's the lead singer in this band, of course he can sing well.
I asked someone to ask someone for a ticket of Eason Chan's concert.
Hong Kong property values have risen at the fastest rate in history in the past year.
These pills are sugar-coated so children are willing to eat.
Did you know the number of ova inside a woman's body is determined well before birth when she was still inside the womb?
She is poor yet she is still very willing to help people by donating money.
We should put our seatback upright when the plane is taking off and landing.
The boy is very naughty, he always grabs the others' toys.
I dare not spend the money, as I worry that I may have to compensate in the future.
His lip is faster than his head and he has planted loath in the people around him.
Every month, females become especially hot-tempered for several days as always.
A democratic system is not necessarily a panacea for solving problems about people's livelihood.
She has a natural talent for sports, and she never fails to win medals in the annual sports gala.
The storm is sometimes stronger when the typhoon is leaving than when it is the closest.
His family flew to the USA yesterday to avoid the Lunar New Year.
This flat has a closed kitchen and a bathroom with windows, so it is marketable!
I pay for your food and rent; if you insist on not paying me back, get lost!
Mr. Wong intends to enter the Chinese mainland market, so he is proactively making connections with the elite there.
Where's your UFO? Are you on drugs?
She has kept the newspaper cutting of the princess for twenty years.
We will continue to provide you with a first class service.
The journalist chit-chatted with the security guard, trying to fish for information.
Tonight we received a lot of banquet gift-money. We are breaking even.
If you are not fond of her, you should not give her any false hope.
Being a competent "dog slave", I always put my dog as a top priority!
Hum, I've already graduated from the 2-D products like anime and manga, I only watch movies and novels in real life now!
She is really lucky to see her favourite idol on the street.
Okay, see you there at two tomorrow.
The winner of this prize will receive a luxury saloon worth 500k.
His sick mother is a burden to him.
It is our pleasure to have Chief Executive of Hong Kong to host this opening ceremony.
How can one stop singing out of tune?
After thinking indecisively about it for a while, I finally decided to confess my feelings.
The turnover this year has increased by 10% over the previous year.
His pushing to the goal was finished with a really good shot, with a nice angle and strength.
He continued to race with indomitable spirit and won the game in the end.
Look at yourself, you're laughing as if your eyes were covered by your smiling teeth. Did you win the first prize in Mark Six?
I picked up a phone on the taxi. How should I contact the owner?
The Beatles is definitely one of the best bands of all time.
What they are discussing is too complicated. I'm not knowledgeable enough to join in the discussion.
That rapist was finally arrested. Everyone is happy with this.
The latest policy will intensify the conflict between the two ethnic groups.
I got up to the diving platform, preparing to jump into the pool.
Open your eyes! "No refund" is clearly written on it.
Best wishes to you!
That accident damaged the cerebrum, it affected my memory.
How come you are that rude, you draw up your legs the moment once you sit down.
Are you that naive to think that the teacher will give you some points back if you keep on your campaign of pestering?
Qu Yuan was overwhelmed by the news of the subjugation and committed suicide.
The 2nd Emperor of Qing Dynasty is famous for his licentious indulging in sexual pleasure.
The subject of science fictions has been one of the striking features in recent Hollywood films.
You don't know how to find your pen? Please ask the shop staff.
They have said unpleasant things about me behind my back.
He's no longer alive. What's the point of blaming him for not taking good care of himself?
When I came at the entrance, I already saw people there. I think it's because of the opening of the new shop.
Today, 20 brothers and sisters have been baptised.
The Victoria Harbour is deep and wide enough for large vessels to anchor.
Don't interfere in my work! If not, what shall I be doing?
Your daughter has made a clear mind, let her choose what to study in university.
Children need some space. Don't give them too much pressure.
You are always working somewhere else. You wouldn't even know if you were cucked.
The company has been treating you fairly throughout the years you working for them.
The handbag is worth buying indeed, it fits in every occasion.
Many foreigners think Chinese is difficult because the system is said to be different from those of other languages.
Let us relive these popular Cantopop classics tonight.
He has a low rough voice, so he can't sing very well.
Traditional cameras will eventually be replaced by digital cameras.
Tonight our group of friends are having a night out, but I'm the designated driver so I cannot drink alcohol.
We must contain the virus at any cost.
He said he went to Japan for a conference, but indeed he went to meet his lover in secret.
Even though I really want to help you, I am not able to.
After this exam, the first term of school ends.
He is a loner and is not sociable, and that is why he does not have a lot of friends.
Last night there was an armed robbery in Tsim Sha Tsui. The police are now pursuing two men of Chinese descent.
This roller coaster track revolves around the castle of this amusement park.
He was overshadowed by another famous star while attending an activity.
Come to join us to have lunch together!
We've been moving and carrying objects for the whole day. Of course we're starving and eat whatever.
Can you let me finish first? I will forgot what I need to say if you keep interrupting me.
I help you wholeheartedly, why do you treat me like that?
The robber is running toward Tsim Sha Tsui. Send some people to form a blockade.
He said that he punched the doctor twice and left!
That two guys climbed up tall buildings to film themselves. I feel dangerous for them just by looking at them.
My mobile phone is old. It cannot even connect to the internet. I'd like to have a new one.
He got shoved away by someone beside him while he was walking.
The main function of annuity is to provide a reliable income source for the investor.
I have tried all the possible ways to solve the problem, but still can't get it through.
The typhoon shattered all the windows in his home; he is now staying at a temporary shelter.
It's melting hot outside. Take a handheld electric fan with you.
He barely does any sports, so I don't understand why he applied for the 3000m steeplechase at all. It would've been a miracle if he didn't come last.
Stop acting like a big spender! You earn only $1000 per month. How could you afford all those unnecessities?
Your house is spacious, but there isn't much furniture, which makes it looks quite empty.
This man sniffs others' underpants. He is such a psychopath.
For the sake of the general situation, he has to give up his hobby.
People with no talent can never govern Hong Kong well!
It has been reported that there are 1200 hectares of brownfield in Hong Kong.
Public servants are disciplined for their misconduct.
You want to look up this word? This dictionary is just what you need.
He/She has good relationship with everyone in the class. However, this is also the reason why he/she gets stuck in the middle of conflicts between classmates.
I made my girlfriend angry. I'm thinking of ways to make her happy again.
We're only two sets into the game [of mahjong]. Surely you aren't trying to cash out your advantage early, are you?
You bullied an elderly woman? No wonder you got all that hate. You totally deserved it.
She doesn't go to work because she needs to look after the children at home.
The boss is easy to get along with. You don't have to be afraid.
Don't make things violent. Let us take with our mouths, not with hands.
Don't promise what you cannot deliver. If you can't finish all the tasks when the time comes, you will be scolded by the boss.
During the epidemic, the mass often use alcohol-based handrub, soap and hand sanitizer that increases the chance of suffering contact dermatitis.
You have no privacy at all, since you always check-in on an app.
This guy looks untrustworthy. You need to be careful of him.
We hope that the TV programme can raise the audience's understanding towards traditional skills and cultural activities, thereby promoting local cultures.
If the industry is still yet to cultivate talents, there will probably no inheritance.
This is a challenge the democracies dare not fail to meet.
Wow! The career line on your palm is so straight and clear. You should be greatly successful in your business in the future!
His clothes today are so funny; those gaudy colours make him look like a clown.
Tai-man and his girlfriend are not Christians, but they haven't had sex even they have been in a relationship for 3 years.
I prefer not to check all these second hand products one by one, I will collect them all up despite good or bad, I give you twenty thousand dollars, it that alright ?
You just need to turn the knob in a clockwise direction.
Sometimes kids may play with the cups and dishes. We had better not let them behave impulsively.
Did you ever review your lesson ? Why do you get full red in your school report again and again ?
I bought tons of things from Taobao again. My mum must scold me.
He had a bright future ahead of him, but sadly he died young.
Bananas are not only tasty but also very nutritious.
The book is too soft, without a hard surface underneath it's hard to write anything on it.
Although you are a nice person, I already have someone I love.
He has Down's syndrome. He has an extra chromosome than ordinary people.
The development of social enterprises in Hong Kong has been gradually mature in more than ten years.
I need to go to the washroom, can you cover for me for a while?
The new Miss Hong Kong champion has become the currently popular personality, appearing in every newspaper.
Each table for a wedding banquet costs $9000 in our restaurant.
Whatever how others think, I will be with you.
The secretary is expected to deal with a wide range of everyday tasks.
I'm wrong, I'm bad, but could you just forgive me once?
I heard that used tea leaves are good natural fertilizers for flowers.
I am envious of you having such a responsible son. You need not worry about him.
When it began, no one knew that things would turn out like this.
The evidence of his embezzlement has gotten out. This time we must make him suffer.
Team Beta was ambushed in the valley, with many fatalities reported.
This sneakers brand think they can make up for their horrible quality by marketing and promotions. What use is putting lipstick on a pig?
The game is back to deuce, seems like this will be a long game.
When you are doing business, you should make everything completely clear. There is no place for indecsiveness.
You don't even consider how difficult it was for your mother to give birth to you!
The client shows up without any prior notification but the boss is now in a meeting. You go dealing with him first!
Since his gaming skills are so poor, I utterly defeated him without much effort.
Your gun only has six bullets, you can hardly shoot us all.
Why do you put gluten chicken in the fried rice? They do not match!
I've made up my mind, no one could stop me.
Candidates sitting the HKDSE exams are mostly from day schools.
This policy is explicitly favourable to major corporations.
This masterful climber scaled the side of that tower with nothing but his limbs, boldness really stems from superb skill.
The government is screwed this time. The water in several estates is contaminated by lead.
I just got promoted and received a $1000 pay rise.
He has been living apart from his wife, but legally he is still married.
She is very stingy, she never learns to share.
Our daughter has grown up, and she has her own friends. It is not strange that she no longer loves to stay at home.
I'm about to die. From now on you have to take care of yourself.
There has been a "Curse of Penis Removal" circulating on the internet that, if you wager your penis on a team to win, that team would lose.
This is my son, he came to help out at the shop today.
I wish I could be with you again in my next life.
The owner wants to takes the flats back and sell them to the developer, so he stopped providing electricity and water, in order to force the tenants to leave.
This cheque will only be effective after both of you have signed it.
Don't come closer! Your alcohol smell is disgusting.
Although he has been living in this country for 10 years, he does not want to naturalise.
You'd better understand his character thoroughly before marrying him.
I am not afraid. At most I get fired. I won't die.
He is a rice bucket; he has to have rice with every meal.
I have counted a thousand sheep already. Is there any other way to fall asleep?
Her husband got frequently approached by women, so she keeps a close eye on her husband.
You've got to let your daughter date. Arranged marriages are out of style. Don't be so stubborn!
These are words from the bottom of my heart. I can't believe you don't trust it.
The two checkpoints currently handle 280,000 people every day.
Ah-Chung wanted to try out a drug treatment after he was hinted by his girlfriend that his sexual performance was not strong enough lately.
Everyone knows my neighbour Mrs Wong is a bigmouth.
I am still in touch with all my fellow committee members after over ten years.
He need to earn enough to feed his family, so he must work hard.
You get what you pay for. This golden ring only costs $100, so there's no way it's made of real gold.
This drug reduces nasal discharge. Take it three times a day, one pill each time.
It would be very wasteful to throw the computer away just because it's a little scratched up.
How could you open the red packet in front of your relatives? You want me to punish you?
Your dressing style does not meet the restaurant's standard.
Since you don't love me anymore, let's break up. From now on we'll each go our own way and stop seeing each other!
HK government is planning to build an incinerator in Shek Kwu Chau.
It is an awesome show tonight. There is no "break for toilet" at all.
The relationship between her parents and her is a breakdown, they didn't talk to each other for 10 years.
The pesticide is toxic. You have to be very careful while spraying, and remember to wash your hands after using it.
Even though he is a world-renowned professor, he is very humble around others.
It is so easy to appear on the page of newspaper, just give away money in the street.
It hurts to get beaten with a whip, I can barely imagine how that could be pleasurable.
You can sing very well. Why don't you join the singing contest? Don't hesitate!
You greedy eater, nothing can cheer you up like eating do.
You're wearing too many colours. It doesn't look good!
The overuse of smileys in your email make it too casual.
Even when we face difficulties, we should never give up easily.
He was so angry that he slammed his phone on the floor.
There are two people in school uniform kissing each other.
My uncle went bankrupt in '97 and has been homeless ever since, eking out a living by collecting cardboard.
He burned too many bridges this time. It leaves me no choice but to renounce our friendship.
The score of the football match between Germany vs Brazil is seven to one.
My father is a professional butcher, leaving home to the slaughterhouse every day before dawn, and that is hard work.
The Soviet Union declared war on Japan on 8th August 1945. On the same day, the United States dropped the second atomic bomb on Nagasaki.
Look at you, you make so many mistakes. The boss is going to fire you soon!
You can try to save $3000 a month from now on, so that you can afford the down payment after 30 years.
This room is so spacious, let's make it the conference room.
My whole body is sweaty after the ball games. I really want to take a shower.
There are 3 crimes that triad members hate: to steal from a friend, to be an informer for police, to have an affair with a friend's woman.
This essay studies the tonal patterns in Hong Kong Cantonese loanwords.
A-chung was bragging about being a god of cooking, but I knew he's not even close when he almost caused a fire when making a plate of beef chow fun.
He was a talented artist, moreover, a writer of some note.
His boss has always been late in paying his salary so the idea of resignation starts growing in his mind.
As my girlfriend requested quite obviously, I should do something to "show my affection".
The pieces of glass all over here, what's happened?
We have to wait. The things are still far apart.
No one understands the pain I suffer after breaking up with her.
He's very absent-minded. He never fails to forget to bring his keys.
Open the gift to see what is inside.
Why bother voting? There are only the three of us, and you two are sharing the same opinion.
All hand carry luggages must be weighed before boarding.
As we rarely meet up, let's go to Mong Kok Centre and take photo stickers as a memento.
In this episode, we will have an in-depth analysis of the reasons why Hong Kong becomes an international financial centre.
Is it that delicious?! How come the queue is so long?!
What you say has logical fallacies and thus is not tenable.
Their fight seems non-stop, so the neighbors come to mediate them.
Multiple learning modes can let students accommodate to the most suitable way.
This YouTube Channel shows how to restore old rusty toys.
He is being so hesitant that he still has not decided what to eat after half an hour.
Not many students attend his lectures because they're really boring.
This is a taxi drop-off point. You can't get a taxi here.
The reporter toiled away until she uncovered this piece of exclusive news.
His family members urged him to quit smoking repeatedly but still failed.
I'm middle-aged already and you call me gorgeous? Come on, don't flatter me.
He is so unfortunate to die unjustly in this car accident.
Does it work to implement a territory-wide opt-out organ donation scheme in Hong Kong?
Notorious for taking advantage of his relatives and friends, he has nearly lost all of them.
Tai Po Industrial Estate is the first industrial estate in Hong Kong.
Please call the 24-hour hotline to seek help from the Red Cross.
Packing up all these things with red-white-blue bags is just convenient and cheap.
There can be many princes, but only one crown prince in the realm.
No matter what you're investing in, never invest in London gold just because someone casually persuaded you.
He planned to cover up his offence by claiming that he was having mental disorders.
Judging from how much of a blunder this electoral reform has become, someone must take the blame and resign.
Why you make all in a mess? Tidy the things up.
The expiring dates for cake coupons are usually quite long and for some there is none.
Originally I didn't like him, but then I thought he was a nice person.
Dew is formed from the condensation of water vapour in the air.
Numerals can be classified into cardinals, base numerals and ordinals.
Even she had not finished her studies in secondary school yet, she had to work for her family to repay debts.
Regarding the investment losses in the company, the management tried to gloss it over.
If you marry me, you will have my house.
These tea leaves are too wonderful for words. I should take my time and enjoy it.
Before online shopping, you need to know your waist and hip measurement first.
He started running to catch the bus when he saw it slowing down to make a stop.
Books and magazines in general are forbidden from publishing topless photographs.
I have several millions in cash, and I am not sure if I should start investing in the stock / property market.
We are prepared to charge him for dangerous driving causing deaths of other people.
Hong Kong is too densely packed, even storage space for cremated remains are in short supply.
This company has already formally employed me as a manager.
She hopes the bad guy who raped her can be punished by law.
Ken always makes his girlfriend take a morning-after pill after they do it. I mean, why not just wear a condom to begin with?
I got terrible diarrhoea after we had sashimi here last time. I've learned my lesson - there's no way I'm gonna order sashimi anymore.
It's Apirl Fool's Day, everyone at school is ready for some trouble making.
In the past, if you married for the second time, people would think that you were a woman of dubious morals.
Please tell me your thoughts after watching this movie.
I can occupy her room from now till the end of this summer holiday.
When you wear contact lenses, you need to place the lenses on your eyeballs carefully.
Majoring in economics does not imply excelling at making money.
A-chung put all his monthly salary into U.S. stock.
The tourism board has offered tricycles to the tourists to keep as souvenirs.
Come on. Just because you don't start an argument with her doesn't mean she won't, right?
The elderly plays Mahjong with friends to divert themselves from boredom.
This baby is chubby and laughs always, everyone loves it.
Don't you know we're not that close? Why would I be so buddy-buddy with you?
Robbing in broad daylight - burglars these days really do have no regard at all for the law, do they?
He travels to work in various cities all the time, without a fixed residence.
Norway has a very long coastline with lots of fjords.
She doesn't know even simple things like these. She's driving me crazy.
"Impossible" is not a word in my dictionary.
He should at least treat me to a meal as I've helped him with so many things.
The girl behaves exactly like a man; it's difficult for a man to fall in love with her.
He was so influential in the buisness sector that he held the key to the general situation.
He takes a taxi all the time, as if he had millions of dollars untouched.
He has been investigating, openly and secretly, the adulterated, tainted food in China for three years.
There is much more fun to take a self-guided tour for Tokyo. How come you prefer those boring package tours?
Females are more vulnerable to vaginal infections before and after their periods.
My colleagues are ganging up on me and trying to set me up with a trap.
Every property developer is keeping a very close eye on the prime land, trying to get in there before everybody else does.
Dr. Yeung's seminars are always a full house.
It's so sunny today. Let's rest under the tree shade.
A: "He is hopelessly retributive!" B: "Yes! Exactly!"
Chow Yun-fat is well-known for his friendliness. He never rejects taking photo with fans.
Once the top scorer transferred to another football club, the whole team was devastated and they did not get any champion in the whole year.
This red top minibus is faster than the bus even it takes the local road.
Liechtenstein and Uzbekistan are the only two double landlocked countries in the world. All of their neighbouring countries are landlocked countries.
This piece of Dongpo pork is too fatty. How can I bring myself to ingest something this greasy?
My daytime contact number is 12345678.
Now I don't care too much. Let it be.
He is an assiduous employee. It is believed that he will get promoted soon.
They are secretly dating each other, and in fear of bumping into someone they know, they are taking their dates abroad.
Do you have fifteen minutes? Help me dice the chicken meat, will you?
Marinating the meat by soy sauce before cooking will make it more delicious.
The result is finally out, I have no more worry in my mind.
He won the lottery and transformed from a poor peasant to a millionaire overnight.
You have been on toilet for the whole day, clogged pipes?
Hey, you're gonna spend only a meal with her, not your whole life. Why bother worrying?
At a moment of distraction, I accidentally made a wrong step and fell down the stairs.
His CD was so popular that all the copies were sold out almost immediately.
He took care of everything in this film from casting, script writing to directing.
It's time for me to have a long sleep after days of hard work. Don't disturb me!
A-chung met a girlfriend two decades older than him. He's relying on her financial support.
The elder brother goes to this primary school, so the younger sister can get a "hereditary seat".
You have all four "two"s, how come you passed the round instead of playing them? Do you know how to play Big 2?
The Roman army completely defeated Carthage in this battle.
According to polls, the number of supporters of this party is starting to decline.
Celebrities were also tricked that their accounts were stolen once they clicked the link.
Blocks 7 to 14 of the old Lei Muk Shue Estate are a part of the Government Low Cost Housing Scheme.
He keeps stirring up trouble, so he deserves being beaten up.
They used a whole ten years to complete this project.
People seldom write hand-written letters; instead, they type letters.
Your girlfriend dumped you? More like, your girlfriend freed you!
I just made it onto the last train! It's really super lucky!
The ruins ahead are so gruesome and terrifying. Let's leave now.
Remember to lock your doors and windows. Do not let the thieves have an opportunity to get in!
He is very careless and there must be someone to watch over him.
This election is a keen competition that all "white districts" are "filled" with pan-dems.
When people face the same challenges together, they don't have to form a blood pact to understand and trust each other.
It's arduous to collect all 276 pokemon.
We are tired so we randomly chose a cafe to sit down.
In foreign countries, it is nothing surprising that a family owns two or three cars.
I thought I would have won this round but then I lost at the very last moment.
He's a very bad guy. He always finds fault with others' choice of words and keeps interrupting.
This historic event marks the end of an era.
It's late in night. You shouldn't overstay your welcome.
The picture of the two of them got photoshopped onto a beach, and the whole thing suddenly became more romantic.
The term of office of the editorial board of the students' union this session started on 22nd March.
Every time we see each other, it's either shopping or eating or watching movies. I don't know about you, but it really bores me.
Don't speak something so enigmatic. Be straightforward, please.
Parents should teach their children not to talk to strangers.
He doesn't know what's happened; his eyes become red and swollen, just like the eggs.
Our suppliers agreed to provide goods with lower prices.
How are you ever going to achieve anything if you give up halfway?
'Can you swim?' 'Yeah, just a little bit though. I wouldn't die if I fell into the sea, but that's pretty much it.'
The land is not yours. You can't go in. That's reasonably fair right?
There are no immediate plans to open Lo Wu's border crossing around the clock
In Hong Kong, as self-discipline is diminishing, direct criticism becomes majority.
Grey bricks are a commonly used material in Lingnan architecture.
Are you willing to marry her as your lawful wife?
After the ship sank, he grasped onto a piece of wood and floated on the sea for three days before he was saved.
The Sai Wan Pier is a good place for watching the sunset.
The little girl got lost. I comforted her and helped her find her parents.
We should not give up easily just because we feel frustrated.
She called me and told me she wasn't feeling well, so I bought her some congee, and you know what? She asked me to help her do the dishes, iron the clothes, and dump the garbage. She may have thanked me, but that doesn't mean she could use me like a goddamn slave.
Even though a vehicle arrives at the zigzag lines, once any pedestrian is going to cross the road, the vehicle should gives way to the pedestrian.
Some people feel that tightening Chinese people travel to Hong Kong will affect Hong Kong's economy, which is a closed-door policy.
I have tried my best to save the life of each patients so I always have a clear conscience.
Do you know which is the smallest country in the world?
She is a lady from a well-off family, she wouldn't want to do these kinds of hard labourious work!
The job is too dangerous to do. Anything that risks your life, no matter how high the salary, it still doesn't worth it.
Last night, a total of 40 people sought medical help due to injuries related to wax burning.
He suffers from very severe left exotropia; there is almost no white on the left of his left eye.
Many of you failed to answer this question. I will explain it to you.
Don't use disposable cutlery, it is very unsustainable.
No one uses secretary stations nowadays; its's too expensive.
Our group aims to give a voice to the disadvantaged.
Why do you hold an umbrella when there is no rain? It's ridiculous.
Although you are quite rich now, you should be vigilant and save some money.
Oh dear. What on earth can I do to make him want me?
If you don't upgrade this skill, it wouldn't be able to inflict much damage.
The president invited him to enter his private study room for an informal chat.
An ancient burial chamber was found on a construction site.
Where are you now? I'm taking a taxi right now to pick you up.
You have spent two whole nights on this. Quickly go home!
There was a fire outbreak in his lab. All of his research that he devoted his life in had turned into ashes.
Accompanied by the teacher, students are welcome to walk around freely in the exhibition hall.
I'll wager you $100 that I'll get there first.
She whispered in my ear, "I love you very much."
We are discussing important issues. Don't break into our conversation!
The teacher requests to meet the parent for the misconduct of the student.
He is a crybaby. No one can handle him.
To make a bowl of bean curd pudding, we need 150 ml of soy milk, half tablespoon of gypsum, and one teaspoon of cornstarch.
You are just an amateur driver. How can you master a car as powerful as this?
You bastard, nobody can be more despicable than you.
Shit. My phone battery drains and I forgot to bring my power bank!
It's not easy to look good in dodger blue.
What pops up in your mind when it comes to Bruce Lee? His powerful glares, imposing cries, tornado kicks, nunchuks or his yellow jumpsuit?
I don't want to emigrate because I don't want to leave my friends.
Hey, I think I've seen this place somewhere. Is this photo taken in Stanley?
Try to do something to please her. After a while, she'll naturally forgive you.
He stabs the traitor without a second thought.
We have been dating for almost 20 years. When is he going to purpose?
The two of them are being so standoffish. I guess I'll have to be the peacemaker.
His website burns 3 million dollars a month, no wonder he is raising funds urgently.
"Congratulations on your entering of the grave of love!" "Touch wood!"
The parts of a plane must be inspected before flying.
The ambulance siren keeps blaring on the road.
He committed "handball" in the penalty area and his opponents were given a penalty kick.
Why do you have to be the other woman and break up their family?
Upon learning about the incident, hospital officials immediately convened an emergency meeting.
I confess myself not a good husband, but I should be a good father.
A series of experiments prove this medicine to have effects of inducing dogs' estrus.
Devoid of violent scenes and full of educational elements, this book is suitable for all ages.
Mrs. Hampton next door just had a baby boy, it is really adorable.
I'm not free because I need to go to the hospital to visit my sick mum.
To be fair , we must say that he is honest to a fault.
Prohibiting workers from going to toilet while they are on duty is neglecting their rights and interests!
Stop procrastinating, the deadline's tomorrow. Let's do our thing or else we will both fail this class.
You better change your password to something more secure. Otherwise if somebody steals all your data, it will be too late to regret it.
I place my hopes on the next generation to  bring energy to the society.
The underlying meaning of his words is that you be careful.
Hongkongers mostly descend from Cantonese people from Guangdong.
He thought he could fly after inhaling meth, and jumped off a building.
Boss asked him to call up a customer, but he looks unwilling to.
Ceiling leakage reflects the poor construction of this building.
Buying oversea property is like buying a cow that is over a mountain, it is very risky.
Is the government trying push their people to the path of revolution by driving up the tax rates every year?
Lantau Peak has a spectacular view, attracting many hikers.
Anyway, I'll give you my resignation letter as soon as possible.
Sometimes I just yearn to live alone.
That guy is always swearing and doesn't look classy at all.
Ming, you are on cleaning duty today, wipe the blackboard now!
Changing jobs once in a while promotes career advancement—and that comes with a hefty pay rise, too.
My computer is slow when playing games. It's time to replace with a new one.
It's one of the responsibilities of the customs to monitor imported and exported goods.
My library books are a week overdue.
Both of them get along for many years. They know each other's mind well.
This training camp aims at training students' team spirit.
He spends half of his wage on cosmetics.
Mr. Kong thought the journalist's question was too simple and naive, so he felt it beneath him to waste time answering.
I've been working overtime these few months; my compensatory leaves have piled up to around 40 days.
A DJ had violated the regulations some days ago. He re-hosted after a period of time.
What? I need to fill in again? You'd better refer to my CV.
Those visitors damaged the hostel they stayed at in Taiwan, bringing shame on Hong Kong people!
Why is red bean sweet soup at the end of every banquet? Can I have other kinds of sweet soup?
It is said that goldfishes have short memories that they only remember things happened right 3 seconds ago.
Your son is so obedient and dutiful. I am really jealous.
He looks so busy. I wonder where he's rushing to?
You are all besieged. Don't try to revolt and come out to surrender.
Our volunteers will pay a visit to your home, to see whether you're suitable to adopt this kitten.
To stop this scumbag to keep on the evil act, I have the only choice to die together with him!
Families filled up the Tsim Sha Tsui habour to watch fireworks tonight.
The museum is open even on weekends, except public holidays.
He can barely boil an egg, much less cooking up a meal.
He supports killing no lives, not even a mosquito.
Empress Ci Hei is just a short-name. Her full title is - oh I nearly forgot – "Empress Haau Jam Ci Hei Dyun Jau Hong Ji Ciu Jyu Zong Sing Sau Gung Jam Hin Sung Hei Pui Tin Hing Sing Hin".
This Lunar New Year I prepare the Chinese narcissus myself and it has grown with 8 stems. It is a very strong sign of good fortune.
A student from Mainland China was 'bought up' by someone with the price of ten thousand dollars per month.
Route 1 is a major artery connecting Aberdeen and Shatin.
No other hotel can match this one for its service and food.
Passengers carrying large items, please use the lift.
Are you lacking manpower? How can you recruit such useless people?
He dislikes you without a reason, so just don't make petty tricks behind his back.
Marriage is a once-in-a-lifetime thing, how can we do it hastily and thoughtlessly?
He showed up in a car and asked me out for dinner. It's really hard to turn him down so I had to accept the invitation.
If you still don't raise my pay this year, I'll quit.
Those people are up to no good. Stay away from them.
Siu-ming seems to have a lot of worries. Is he okay?
The police arrested the suspect after more than ten days of investigation.
Ever since she got tattooed eyebrows, she don't have to put makeup on them anymore.
Come on, face the truth. Haven't you had enough of his tricks?
She'll definitely lose her voice later on from screaming so desperately now.
The pregnancy result was wrong, the good news is fake.
Both of them always appear together, we don't know whether they have some sort of relationship with each other.
Residents in this area are mostly supporters of the pro-democracy camp.
If you feel too bitter to drink the herbal medicine, you can drink it while chewing a piece of preserved plum with tangerine peel.
Fellow villagers, they said they would blow up the hill!
Your jacket is so thin and it looks like it's about to wear out.
Our family of four is an entirety that we stay together wherever we go.
The two of them are not relatives but they somehow look like each other.
There is a toilet, you take the son to urinate.
If you buy an extra unit, I will give you a discount!
You should hand in the receipts as soon as possible, or it will be quite problematic for the accounting department to do their job.
He needs to sent his father to a home for the elderly since he couldn't take care of him.
He was caught laundering money, I am afraid he should start preparing himself for some time behind the bar.
"How many words did you write for your essay?" "Around 5,000."
Even though I risk the chance of being tricked, I am still willing to do so.
He succinctly explained the main points of this essay.
The shop is going to close down, so they are finding someone to take over the business.
Although the bedroom is small, its design is not bad.
Stop using your photoshopped pictures to attract likes.
The movie has been on air for three days only, how can you buy the original sound track?
Upon hearing this thrilling news, I am speechless.
A customs officer asked me if I had anything to declare.
You guys seem to have prepared to start a fight whenever you have a talk. Calm down!
Fund managers are bloodsucking leeches. My MPF yields less than enough to cover their administration fees!
The most important things in life are confidence and dignity. No matter what you do, never let people look down on you.
Scholars from several universities will attend the press conference.
My Android device has been used for more than 3 years, and it's starting to malfunction.
Told you many times not to rock on your chairs in lesson. What happens if you accidentally fell down!
I will stay in the shopping mall to enjoy the air-conditioning. I'm not going home yet.
Keep your pride to yourself, you're not at home, Miss.
It is necessary for state leaders to reevaluate the impacts on the geopolitics of Asia-Pacific of North Korea's political situation.
Do you know how to teach your son that letting him to urinate on the street?
As a result of his perseverance, he was finally successful in losing weight.
If people who break the law can escape from punishment, is there still justice in the world?
"Could you graduate this year?" "Haha, yes, I just passed by luck."
I will become rich someday. By that time, we will go travelling together and the bill is on me.
In Sinitic languages, a single character mostly represents a single syllable.
Excuse me, but we do not allow smoking at this restaurant.
As the firetruck arrived at the scene, the fire brigade immediately set up their hydrant barrel to fight the fire.
Play and only play? You should be determined to study well instead.
At that moment, I figured out how to solve this math problem.
The back of his head was struck in an accident, so he is in a coma.
In Judaism, the Hebrews are the chosen people of God.
Sigh! I shouldn't spent all my time helping, that caused my homework unfinished, I shot myself in the foot this time.
These lads are young and strong; they should help the elderly more.
Teachers should not have selfish motives; they should treat every student impartially.
Taking the money for now and replacing it with the exact amount later should probably not arouse any suspicion.
The camera on this phone has 13MP.
My mum admonished me to be a responsible person.
To the question of whether you have dinner or not, the only answer is yes or no. Why are you hesitating?
He's always lazing around and never does any work seriously.
Being modest can help you improve.
You keep blowing air to my ear, that makes my ear so itchy.
I can't dive-in to swim. I simply push off the pool's edge.
Many commentators think highly of Kau's Corporation's long-term development.
Everyone stood agape after hearing the news. No one knew how they should react.
I think my legs are too muscular and don't look good in stockings.
The company has to check the original copy of the graduation certificate of each employee.
My stomach feels gassy and I can't burp it out; it feels unpleasant with the pressure inside.
This student is very smart and he studies hard so the teachers like him very much.
Being obedient is not the way to love her. It is absolutely wrong.
Oh boy, being greedy will lead one into poverty! Don't expect your today's effort can make profit immediately.
He is so busy at work that he can't even have dinner with his family once a month, as if he got no family nor friends.
They have been dating for a very long time. Their marriage is an expected result.
You poured ice water on yourself even though you have a fever! Are you insane?
I recently asked if he had found his girlfriend. And now he is married in a flash!
Let me put some money in your pocket: Trustworthy is the most important virtue.
This movie is too absurd to be amusing.
The report is almost finished, just some trivial matters left to fix.
Sit straight! Or else it may harm your spine!
For an instant, the man kicked the old woman down with his leg.
Let me introduce him to you guys next time, I feel like you guys will get along with each other.
Someone saw the two having a secret conversation in a restaurant.
To mark down what you are going to say, I've prepared the paper and pen. You can start anytime.
I exercise every day and I am really healthy. Well, seems right.
I'm sorry I took you the long way around.
There aren't enough university places for everyone, so it's inevitable that some students will not be able to pursue further studies.
Kyoto is suffering from overtourism, buses are full of passengers all day long.
I would feel bored when I am not working. I was born to toil!
A-chung had been playing video games without sleep for five days and nights. He died suddenly on the sixth morning.
The supermarket is doing a huge sale, and a lot of ignorant middle-aged women are going crazy scrambling for cheap groceries.
Someone told me that this rich guy is still single. You might have a chance here.
He wears expensive clothes and accessories these days because he has won the Mark Six lottery.
During hard times, my friends really helped me out.
What, the designed is changed? The formworks have erected already!
It's time to give him a lesson and deflate his ego.
If you maintain the camera carefully, it will last for a couple of years.
With meteorology, I'm a layperson. The most I'd do is to keep an eye out for official announcements and browse through information by amateur researchers in the public.
I can't even afford the instalments for a flat. How can I further buy a pre-sale uncompleted flat?
Teenagers are full of spirit and vigour, and are therefore usually more impetuous.
My mother is a civil servant; she will receive a monthly pension after retirement.
This cobbled road is uneven, be careful!
The model is broken. Help me fix it with some super glue.
You are too careless. Be more careful next time.
I want to see the chef! This dish is worse than pig feed!
He's been assigned to route 2A so far.
Many tourists particularly go to Kyoto in order to appreciate cherry blossoms in the lights.
Police caught three illegal immigrants at a construction site.
Fortunately he was not at home at that time, so he was safe from danger.
That guy is truly a classy beggar. I donated all my money to pull him through, unexpectedly he scold me for donating so little.
Upon graduation from medical school, he immediately started his own practice in Central right away.
He always scolds others for no reason. I wonder if he's crazy!
Many people on the beach were drowned by the sudden tidal wave.
There is little to no gap between me and my dad, we can literally talk about everything.
I haven't read the papers for a month, and I feel like I don't belong to this world anymore.
The earthquake measured 6.8 on the Richter Scale.
When you go to the cinema in North America, seats cannot be chosen beforehand; they are chosen on a first come, first served basis.
Conjoined twins were deemed as the embodiment of a demon in the past.
He spent over ten thousand on an underarm hair removal treatment.
Banks installed silent alarms to notify the police discreetly.
Don't say that I dampen your enthusiasm, I think your plan won't succeed.
Bribing judges doesn't work in the USA.
She is so determined and unforgiving to her ex. She said she wouldn't see him anymore, and she really hasn't.
Madam, can you please tell me the way to Tsim Sha Tsui?
Where are you planning to settle down in Canada as you immigrate?
A: "How effective will doing that be?" B: "I have the same question."
I was thinking of staying at a youth hostel, but he insisted on staying at a hotel.
These fishballs really look unappetizing.
It takes only fifteen minutes to make a round trip from Central to Tsim Sha Tsui by MTR.
Public exams in Hong Kong always test students on useless stuff.
Every exhibit of the Palace Museum is priceless.
I haven't seen you in so long, but you haven't changed at all.
Can we please not have lunch with this scrooge? He dines with others only to have them pay the bill.
He is still unable to prove his hypothesis true.
The obscene act of that Father enraged people.
We are facing a big problem that needs to be solved.
I'll stop chatting with you all. Let me focus on finishing my article instead.
This apple tree is flourishing, there are so many apples.
How could a robbery take place in broad daylight?
A-chung doesn't read at all and has no class. He lacks any degree of sophistication!
Every year I need to visit the graves with my family in Mainland China.
He broke the incident down and analysed it very thoroughly.
How come you deny saying you would treat me afternoon tea yesterday? You don't keep your promise.
You two are not only having detention together, but also came late together -- you are really two of a kind.
We've been living here for almost thirty years, now the building is going to be torn down just when we are getting old. What a pity!
In general, karaoke establishments should be operated with license or permit.
My computer was hacked, what should I do now?
He just started to be into photography last month and has bought a few lens already.
Try to do something to please her. After a while, she'll naturally forgive you.
Flower buttons on Choengsam are in various designs and patterns.
The fortune's favorite who are winning the jackpot is.......Ming!
His divorce is not surprising as he paid no attention at all on his wife.
to put the blame on, to drag someone into, to bring someone down to something messy
There is an impassable difference between being slender and having a spare tire.
That taxi driver caught the robber with his bare hands.
There is a hole in the pocket. Can you please mend it for me?
For occasions like the company dinner, you should dress yourself more refined.
The Body-in-the-Box case is the first court case using evidence derived from scientific identification only.
She's five months pregnant. Of course her belly bulges out!
That van has frightened me just now, it suddenly turned out from the corner and nearly knock me down.
Can you just shut up when the atmosphere is so tense?
In response to the regional situation, the military spending continues to increase this year.
Debt collectors frequently visit his home recently. Guess he borrowed a lot from a finance company.
If the meat is cut thicker, it would taste better.
The financial services industry is the most important pillar supporting Hong Kong's economy.
Kaya toast is awesome. It's a pity that they are getting harder to find.
He's big and tall but still behaves childishly.
That he makes friends with your friends is but only to get close to you and see you more.
You really trust them? Those politicians are used to making easy promises as if eating lettuce!
Ah-kit is a meticulous person, everything he undertakes is polished to the point of perfection.
It's his birthday today. What have you prepared for his present?
People who can do this are very rare.
She's accepted your gift; seize the opportunity and ask her out!
There are many couples in the park at night sharing their private feelings with each other.
You can claim the travel expenses if you work overtime and take a taxi home.
Most of the food in Hong Kong is imported from mainland China.
He is a principled man: if he said he won't gamble, he won't.
He is dishonest. Don't believe in everything he says.
In the government's fire safety ads those days, people were advised to use a pointed high-heel to break the glass and press the alarm switch. Maybe because of increasing complaints in recent years, they have taught people to use keys to break the glass instead.
She kept yelling at her son, which almost scared the teacher to death.
What that dude is wearing is too colourful, more exaggerating than a zebra's stripes.
When they argue, they always talk about getting divorced. I've gotten used to hearing it.
to apply the formula in daily life
Fairy tales often depict stepmothers as villainous.
Recently there are many cases of burglary in village houses. Be cautious.
He is so desperate for victory, so he attacks his opponents unscrupulously.
Dad is not home, so it goes without saying that he went downstairs to buy cigarettes.
She's busy, how could she have a leisurely and carefree mood to see cherry blossoms with you?
How come you can have such comfortable life—hanging out, going to the cinema but need not work on weekdays?
In the end he quit this love triangle, as he did not want to be entangled in it any longer.
He had to suspend his studies for a year because of illness, but he remained registered at the school.
Come on, you are a grown-up. Don't fight with the kids.
She is always careful with what she says -- she fears she would offend anyone.
If you are so determined to remove your penis, you should find a doctor to do a surgery for you, at least it is safer.
Mom said that she was always hit by the teachers that her hollow of the palm was very painful.
The use of dishwashing detergent is essential for making the dishes clean!
Look out for phone numbers starting with 3, don't be extorted!
You scared the hell outta me with that sudden scream.
No one will remember these things later.
Nowadays people's methods to lose weight are exceedingly strange.
In order to protect your own copyright, you'd better put a watermark on the examination paper that you wrote.
My last rotation was in internal medicine. I'm coming to surgery this rotation, and I'm going to orthopaedics in the next rotation.
This bracelet is my lucky charm. I won't fail the examination if I wear it.
Your daily post of dating activity makes me so jealous! How sweet your relationship is!
A-chung wetted his bed last night. Now his mom is trying to dry his sheet by hanging.
Many scholars attended this seminar. I did learn so much.
Dangerous goods should be kept out of reach from children.
The Tourbillon was invented by Abraham-Louis Breguet and patented in 1801.
Some boys prefer aiming at a lot of girls and dating different girls out all the time.
A half day off every day? What kind of comfy job is that?
When the HK football team scores, fans cheer at the grandstand.
Management opened a dialogue with the striking workers.
No matter how much we love each other, death will keep us apart at last.
Why are you putting the blame on me? It has nothing to do with me, it's your own fault and you put the blame on me.
Up until yesterday Spark had received a total of 100 nominations.
We should think deeply about how to inherit our traditions.
The thief pointed a gun at his daughter, threatening him to hand out all his money.
The kid is guarded by Social Welfare Department because his parents are missing.
You're spoiling your children too much. If they don't listen to you in the future, it's the consequences of your own action.
It's not raining now, but it's better to be on the safe side and bring an umbrella.
This man is so detestable that everyone wants to smash his face.
He was a millionaire in the past, but later because of his gambling addiction, he ended up a beggar in his old age.
The perpetrator of this corruption case has finally been brought to justice.
Very few doctors visit patients at home nowadays.
Guys, you should read something other than gossip magazine. You are so superficial!
The weather is so hot and it is more comfortable to have some cool drinks.
People having high social status are joining the banquet tonight.
I saw your car crash into mine with my own two eyes, but you still wanna lie to me?
The folder chair isn't firm enough to stand on. Why don't you get a ladder?
Why not put the toys into the tub and let the baby play a while.
At a constant velocity,  wavelength is inversely proportional to frequency.
Although he was cured from a serious illness, he is still very weak.
Doing nothing all the time, and getting all the credits himself alone, his is really greedy interns of gaining glory.
He has a lot of abnormal hobbies; one of them is collecting women's underwear.
Running is a convenient sport. You can run anywhere.
Please help me to chop the cloth following this paper model.
I don't have much guts; I even dare not go on roller-coasters.
Linguistics and Philosophy is part of humanities.
He was caught cheating during shuffle in a mahjong parlour and got beaten up really hard.
Uncle Man picked up the cigarette with his right hand and just threw it onto the floor.
Fuck! A motherfucker called me at five a.m. in the morning and woke me up, and I couldn't go back to sleep.
I need the square one, while you give me the circle one. Are you kidding me?
You really think she loves you? She only treats you like a puppet!
Speak loudly and never speak quietly.
This restaurant is a high-class one. You gotta wear a suit before you get in to eat.
I'm hungry now. Let's go to the cha chaan teng we often visit.
That jerk easily coaxed the white girl into having sex with him.
Jasmin thought deeply for a long time and finally nodded her head.
To keep your body in a good shape, just doing aerobics is not enough. You must complement it with weight training.
To assist the public, we have asked for responses to specific questions raised by the proposals.
Our school motto is "diligence and politeness".
You will just stay for one night in your trip, so just pack light.
I can tell that something good has happened to him as he looks so enraptured.
After father died, my brother became the head of our family.
He was kidnapped and brought to an unknown place.
This film is a success with the public and a sequel is being considered.
The pants are too loose. I have to keep pulling up my pants while walking.
Our skincare products are all made from plants.
Middle-aged men usually face the crisis of hair loss.
This time tomorrow I'll be in the Mainland China.
Don't put the magnetic card with keys. The card can be demagnetized.
As this year's Chung Yeung festival falls on a Sunday, there will be a deferred holiday on Monday.
The star has become wildly popular since their film became a hit; their popularity is still at the top.
I need to work tonight, so I won't be home for dinner.
Hong Kong Correctional Services Department manages 29 correctional facilities.
Low-income families will be dealt a further blow if the government cuts down the Comprehensive Social Security Assistance.
We should not divide against ourselves at the moment, but think about how to beat the enemy together.
She knows that to quit drugs, she must help herself. Otherwise, nobody could help her.
This morning my leg was bitten by the dog. Now I have to go to the emergency room.
Don't you think it is absolutely absurd to have to wait half an hour for a bus?
The best thing in winter is a snake soup; it's delicious and will keep your body warm.
This newspaper has only interviewed a few citizens and concluded that most of the Hong Kong people support this policy. It is a hasty generalisation.
He will write back once he has settled down in Canada.
There's a parade today, let's get out and join in the fun.
My homework is so poorly done. I might fail this time.
Fortunately the driver stopped the car in time, nobody was hurt.
I've worked in this company for many years. Asking myself, I was a faithful and responsible employer. Why did the boss fire me?
An honorary doctorate degree was conferred on him by the university.
The teacher asked the students to speak in English in the class.
The cha-siu rice in this restaurant is a very good deal. It's inexpensive yet tasty.
They have used the cheats so they have so many gold coins.
He was so easily defrauded, even though he is a university professor!
Without bravery, how can one achieve high?
The drainage service department often deals with contractors; it's a real gold mine if you're looking for profit.
If you have any complaints, I will have you sacked.
While getting the underlying principle right will make learning much easier, it simply isn't practical unless you memorize the basic facts.
Many university graduates have an outstanding debts of few hundred thousand dollars once they have graduated.
As a teacher, I think of enlightenment as my highest responsibility.
Those street children collect rackets from other children just like triad gangsters.
This fish is still alive and kicking. Let's buy this one for its freshness.
It's time for us to gather! Let's go to the hall now!
The site is in devastation and chaos. It makes me feel sorry.
I already have ordered some longevity peach-shaped buns for my mother-in-law's birthday, which is in the coming month.
You better take this incident as a warning. Don't make the same mistake next time.
A-ming learnt that A-chung's resume involves much exaggeration. Now their cooperation has ended.
Bleh, you are here being picky without giving any suggestions. How about doing this on your own?
Desserts are served only in the evening in many hotels, but here twenty-four hours a day.
He told me something yesterday and I'm thinking about what does those words mean.
The watch she likes costs too much. She gives in and buys another that she feels not bad.
This clan has been living in the heart of harsh and unforgiving Sahara for generations.
The business environment in HK is not comparable to how it was before.
His only interest is fishing, sitting next to the sea.
Electrons, neutrons and protons are subatomic particles
The schoolgirl over there didn't have an umbrella and her uniform was soaked in the rain, rendering it semi-transparent.
His father is the principal of this school. He just relies on his father to study here.
Seafood rolls are crispy. Children love to eat them.
The wife of Chairman Xi coated too much face powder and had an embarrassing makeup mishap.
The company's profit increased 3% the second half of the year from the first half of the year.
Kids, come over here and choose your own toys to play with.
We will fulfill the commitments made during the election.
The company has no shortage of talented people. Just leave. No one is asking you to stay.
Don't worry! I will give condolence money to your family after you're dead.
Due to the stressful life, blood is found in Ah Leung's urine.
The captain of the other team ascribed their loss to the hardness of the pitch.
Offending Boss's wife? Don't you fear that she'll complain to Boss?
What? How come the shop is closed early today.
The credit is all yours in this victory of ours.
The waiters deserve tips for the satisfactory hospitality.
He said he would be moving out just to grudge against you
Missed the offer? Doomed.
I do my utmost to avoid appearing with him in the same occasion, but there is nothing I could do in case of coincidence.
Butterflies are a type of insects with bright and eye-catching colours.
In the USA, if you want to get a gun license, then you must first learn how to control a gun's trigger.
Villagers in Tsz Wan Shan and Sha Tin travelled between the two places through the ancient trail.
Wow, look at that chick, she got the bust, the jugs and the face.
He is very open-handed. He takes the check every time we dine out.
He told me everything about it.
This company sued for copyright infringement, but the cost of bringing this to court may even be higher than the original loss.
This bar charges at least 50 dollars for a drink.
The audience responded with a deafening round of applause at the end of the concert.
You should seek a job before you graduate from university, lest you be redundant once you have graduated.
I agree that we should save up some money, but I don't think we should eat instant noodles every meal.
This canteen supplies the meals for the whole campus.
Just now I went to YouTube to watch the "Mickey Mouse" cartoon in 80's. It's so nostalgic.
GPS satellites still did not exist at that age. How could GPS be used?
The whole world thought he was a genius, but in fact he was just a con man.
Yesterday the weather forecast there would be a shower, and today, as expected, it is indeed raining.
There is no essence in this dish of barbecued pork on rice at all. You get me?
Eat soft rice, soft rice is tasty.
If Ah-yeung thinks a girl is pretty, he will initiate a chat with the girl.
This army is plundering everywhere; the land that it passes seems to be lifeless.
The temperature is dropping. If you must go out, please avoid prolonged exposure to wintry winds.
He is still so tough after the pain.
No matter what era you're in, there are these "magnet people" who try to hog the limelight all the time.
If you can get laid with that chick, I can do whatever you want.
He is alleged to have misused someone else's online bank account.
Their relationship is starting to foul after the last quarrel.
This construction project is over budget and hard to handle, and the society would not benefit upon completion, anyone who pick this up would cry 3 times.
The news that Jesus borned in manger was satisfied by people.
The young shoots have pushed the soil up.
I have been sick for a long time. Mum suggested me to see a Chinese Medicine practitioner.
The United States Air Force blasted the major operation base of terrorists.
Going to work very early, he is the first to sign in every morning.
My big tooth has a cavity; luckily though, my dentist said that he can fill it up without having to remove it.
His girlfriend is familiar with the football sports community. Whichever football club you mention, she can chat about it.
I have abandoned this set of jigsaw puzzle for nearly a year and it is still not finished yet.
Don't just repeat what others have said. Give me your own opinion.
This group photo was taken when they were travelling around the Grand Canyon.
The geyser spouted huge columns of water from the ground.
My mother sells vegetables in the market. She has to open the stall at 5am every day.
They are kissing, aren't they intimate with each other?
When he was on duty, he left without permission, so he was dismissed.
Whenever we go to a dim sum restaurant, my family orders jasmine tea.
During the cold war many countries chose their side, forming a great East-West divide.
The circus show today was great, especially the hilarious clown.
Oh, so he pulled an all-nighter? No wonder he looks so dull.
You can pour the nail polish remover onto a cotton bud for cleaning smaller flaws.
You forgot to do your homework? You're in a big trouble.
The surge of the property price is merely an illusion, you better think clearly before making an investment.
I have some really rotten luck lately, always biting my tongue whilst talking.
A lot of teenagers take their first puff out of curiosity.
The adjacent building site under construction is so noisy as piles are driven into the earth every day.
He has spilled some water so now the bottle is half empty.
This girl keeps asking me out, maybe I have a chance with her!
Don't judge from his shabby looking, Uncle Tat owns 5 Taxi Licences well worth over ten million; he is just hiding the pearl in a haystack.
This woman is such a slut. She flirts with, like, every man in sight!
Our doorbell's broken. Where can I take it for repair?
If you'd like to keep a pet dog, a sheep dog isn't a bad choice.
The renovation of the canteen is still in progress. Customers have to dine outdoors.
Don't be fooled by her pitiful look; she is only hoping to gain your trust for her benefit.
It is all your fault to talk to the extreme, now we both parties has nothing more to be said.
Morphemes are not equal to words, as not all morphemes can be independently used. For instance we cannot say "one eme" or "a common eme".
The disciplinary teacher admonished the trouble-making students with a long speech.
To our surprise, he disclosed his embarrassing childhood affairs in front of the staff of the whole company.
The government established an ad-hoc committee for the issue last year.
Gosh! I thought I did so badly already, but it turned out the junior did worse. They can't catch up with our generation.
Her temper is very bad that she always pulls a long face when a little thing happened.
Once he was behind bars, he was locked away for six years. Today, he was finally released.
I believe that if our two departments make concerted effort towards the project, we will be able to finish it!
There are CCTVs in every corners, the government is watching every move of everyone without a hitch.
You don't have to study, didn't you say that huh? Now you have failed the exam!
That bastard took all the credit without so much as saying "thank you", and he pretends to be a major contributor in front of the bosses. That's so low of him.
This activity is rather small-scale; only a small size of participants will be welcome.
Some travelling agencies cooperate with some stores to extort the customers.
My sister often acts like a baby girl, trying to be cute to have my parents spoil her, which is really irritating.
A group of teens gather and hang around at the 7-Eleven every night.
Some think that giving birth to a child in one's old age is a blessing, while some think that these parents may not be energetic enough to raise their children.
This can be divided into two parts. Once you acquire how to solve one of them, you can handle the other part likewise.
I wouldn't say I don't know how to write, as I have at least published in the commentary section of a newspaper.
The Democratic Party started an online petition requesting the President of the LegCo to resign.
After a day's hard work, it's time to relax now. (lyrics)
It's finally over after a whole day of lessons. I'm free!
I am good to you because of our friendship, but not love.
Typically the car lasts over 20 years if it is a vintage car.
It is our pleasure to have several Justices of Peace as our guests of honour.
There are 5 districts, namely Tsuen Wan, Kwai Tsing, Tuen Mun, Yuen Long and the Islands in the western part of Hong Kong's New Territories.
If I don't live for myself, who else can I live for?
She has just undergone surgery. The doctor says she needs to rest for a few days.
The sum of two positive integers is 20; find the maximum value of the product of the two numbers.
The crux of the country's economic problems is its foreign debt.
You are such a MK Kong Girl! Speaking in such an arrogant manner and expecting everyone to pay heed to you.
western mooncake - sounds like "very boring" in Cantonese
If you feel unwell during the trip / flight, please contact our staff.
You bought it at this expensive price? Don't you know how to make a counter-offer?
There's no point continuing to stare at me, I wasn't the one who caused the problem.
You require the government's permission in order to use this venue.
The current public examination policies still have many shortcomings. It cannot properly evaluate the levels of the students.
You can insert different audio files, such as music and voice-over, into power point.
This exhibition welcomes all trades and professions.
He is really influential. His banquet was attended by a lot of famous people.
Look at his boastful attitude. It's just a matter of time that he will get beaten up.
The Observatory issued the yellow rainstorm warning at 12:20 at night.
In this hall there are two bunk beds each room, which can accommodate four people.
The plot is quite mainstream. You could guess what the ending will be like.
The series of murder events that happened last year still remain unsolved. Looks like we need some help from Sherlock Holmes.
His company runs out of cash, so he can only pay debts with inventory.
Kids living in the remote mountain area have to climb mountains and wade waters on their way to school.
This store doesn't have the piece I want, you playing with me?
I've never heard of that rumour before, I don't know if I should believe it or not.
There are many live broadcasts of street view. We can have a look without going to the streets.
His perception is so keen that he found a solution to the problem in no time.
Before 1997, Hong Kong was governed by the British.
When wearing a polo shirt, he loves upturning the collar because he thinks this is more fashionable.
All flights were delayed because of bad weather. In the end, flight attendants became scapegoats and had to take the heat from angry passengers.
That dictionary is ordered according to the number of strokes of the Chinese characters.
Take some sand and add some water, you can heap up a castle
In every Catholic diocese, there should be at least one church open to the public continuously.
I dropped my phone on the ground carelessly, so I bent down to pick it up.
Why do you keeping staring at me ? Do you want me to beat you up ?
Now that the IT industry is suffering from a manpower shortage, fresh graduates are heavily sought after.
Your aunt is calling long distance from the States, don't make her wait on the phone!
You idiot blocking my way again, step aside!
Her face looks rosy and bright. Beauty does lie in youth.
Silly boy/girl, don't be afraid, I will protect you.
Last night I forgot to bring my umbrella and got all wet. Now I am feeling a bit uncomfortably cold and chill.
I don't know him very well; you're asking the wrong person.
The scientists told us that there may be some living beings in Mars.
I am but a hapless grocer.
The government of Singapore held a state funeral for the former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew.
Hong Kong is always the best in our minds.
This team has dominated European football for years.
Why the fuss about that little thing? That's nothing close to a real big deal.
They marked up the price of the camera and then gave you a discount.
Some Hong Kong women like white men more than Hong Kong men.
The gross margin of the company rise again this year, dividend declare to shareholders should be predictable.
I will give you two hundred dollars if you help me to buy sth. Are you willing to do so?
Nowadays, Hong Kong people like non-greasy food more, because it is relatively more healthy.
He is normally scrooge but becomes a big spender once he is in Macau.
Wow, those women are really noisy when they gather.
He held a good hand, but surprisingly was unable to win the game.
He is a helpful person, he will do whatever he can to help.
See your bad looking, no one would think you can be rich.
Your father knows the principal. You can pull a few strings to enter this school.
The home team gained an initial advantage over the guest team by scoring a goal at the beginning.
The government has implemented a series of measurements to help families with low income.
Everyone wants to find out dark horses, but it's indeed easier said than done.
Nowadays cervical cancer has become a preventable disease: by means of vaccination.
This painter is very skillful, the paint is spread evenly.
The new company has hung up a very big shop sign.
The last word of every line of this poem rhymes.
This building was built in an irregular shape, I'm sure it is not comfortable to live in.
Type it out if you have anything to say. I can't turn on the volume during working hours.
Archaeologists have unearthed monuments and antiques of Song and Yuan Dynasties at the construction sites of MTR Shatin Central Link in To Kwa Wan.
Your son always hangs out in the street.  Is he able to keep up with his school work?
Many people living in Tin Shui Wai go to Yuen Long town centre to buy ingredients for cooking.
Children may not need to attend so many interest classes before starting school.
Don't drive if you haven't had enough sleep. Go take a taxi.
Don't pretend anymore Mr. Lo, we all know you are acting.
Her daughter, two years of age, scribbled over the walls in the house, and she was incensed.
At the moment I have just stepped out my home, I realized I didn't bring the keys with me.
As a judge, it is not acceptable to practice favourism during a court hearing.
Their friendship is as good as brotherhood.
I tipped over my computer, and after that it won't boot.
When Mum was arguing with Dad about the dinner tonight, the landlady suddenly appeared with a few angry looking debt collectors urging us to pay rent.
Don't just keep on doing, you have to pause and check if any wrong during the process.
Haze shrouds the capital these days that people purchase masks in advance to filter out dust in the air.
It's a common imagination among kids that monsters are hiding in their wardrobe.
My grandma is reluctant to eat cold food because she worries that she will hurt her teeth from the coldness.
The chicken is stringy, fresh, and superb with the sauce!
She's a bit slow on the uptake, so you may have to repeat yourself a few times.
Thanks to his impressive voice, he has became a popular figure online.
Fine, I will just reluctantly accept this as a lesson learnt.
Dispensing and prescription directly affects safe and effective use of medicines.
He was swayed by emotions to bring up the divorce.
The chef's knife-work is incredible – he truly lives up to his "master chef" moniker.
Chang'e's going to the moon is a folk legend in China.
Competition is keen in tonight's final that we are clueless on who will win.
Come on! It's stuff between you husband and wife, of course I, as an outsider, would not comment on it.
We immediately sighed with relief to see her reach the other side of the river safely.
You're only going for an interview, do you need to do things in such a grand manner?
The house was left dilapidated by years of neglect.
"Chairman Chan, I believe... we... maybe..." "Give me your main point!"
Tying a present with ribbons seems to make it look nicer.
He kept on saying that he was innocent, but there was nobody who could prove that he was telling the truth.
Searing the steak surface can seal the juice and lock the flavour inside.
He performed badly in the last match, so he's given an unimportant post in the current one.
'Hey, I thought you had to go to work today.' 'You can't be serious, can you? Isn't today Saturday?'
We feel sorry for his death.
Our boss is very mean, even if the company makes a profit, it won't pay any bonus.
If you keep two dogs at the same time, they may fight for their own territories.
Your grandma's soul will return tonight. You better go back to your room and sleep earlier so that she will not be interrupted while eating the chicken leg.
Stop hesitating! Just pick one then go.
A group of citizens who oppose the tax increase is petitioning at the door of government.
This registered mail has to be signed by the intended recipient.
Sunflower seed is commonly used for making cooking oil.
During summer vacation, the study room will only open in the afternoon.
It's not a sound attitude to emphasize benefits only and long for instant success and quick benefit.
In tonight's awards ceremony, all the actresses show their deep cleavages. If there's an award for the best cleavage, it's really hard to know who would be the winner of the prize!
Hong Kong residents who returned from South Korea have to pass the quarantine.
Although he's busy with work, he spends a lot of time and energy to look after his ageing parents.
Every Sunday, I wake up earlier in the morning just to have pancakes at McDonald's.
Psychological stress is one of the causes of Alopecia Areata.
Please help with this thing, I'm sure you'll gain some advantages from it.
Ah-ming has a high aspiration to become an astronaut since he was little.
They have been playing from childhood to adulthood, they are just like brothers.
You are the one responsible for the project. Not me.
Are you sure you would like to sit on the "humiliation seat"? I don't want to see a public shaming post on Facebook about you tonight.
He looks westernised on the surface, but deep inside he's a traditional Indian.
The television at home is out of order. Help me fix it, please.
The performance was very successful! The audiences are clapping on their feet!
According to reliable anonymous source, Chief Secretary for Administration wants to run for Chief Executive.
In the beginning of the reform of Cantonese opera, Sit Kok-sin introduced Western musical instruments including the violin.
I have worked for three nights without any sleep. I will die if I do so again.
That kid may be young, but he surely has a sharp tongue - even the guests stuttered at his questions.
This piece of steak is not up to standard. It's still ice cold in the inside!
The river is split into many parts because of the hydraulic engineering work.
Integrating everyone's opinions, we decided to give up this plan.
As he smuggled into the country 50 years ago, he doesn't have an ID card.
I am on long-term employment, the boss can't just fire me.
He's only thirty something and he's having an affair with a woman twenty years his senior. If not her money, why else would he date her?
Lunar New Year Fair is packed, and when you throw in the sounds of the stall owners hawking their goods, it really has got that new year ambience.
Since you often come here, why don't you decide what to order tonight.
The flower show this year had many exhibits that were pleasant to the visitors' eyes.
I just happen to have a pen in my bag. I can lend it to you.
I've run 20 km today, almost deadly exhausted.
Please help! The air conditioner in my car is blowing hot air!
Would the coat be too big for her?
He is just of the same generation as you. For what reason you have to serve him tea?
Please don't take what he said seriously, he's just kidding.
She quit her job after giving birth to her child to completely devote herself to becoming a housewife.
Wearing a full suit at 40 degrees centrigrade is just inviting ringworm...
Cantonese learners easily mix up the two expressions of 'thank you' in Cantonese.
Because of the rain, the floor is wet and may be slippery. Please be careful.
It still takes thirty dollars or above for rice with siumei in a fast food shop.
This drama series never gets old. It is still popular today despite being produced 40 years ago.
Some countries were against the Kyoto protocol, for example, the United States.
She is only an illegitimate daughter of yours. She cannot have a share of our family assets.
He had insulted me and I repaid by having him beaten up.
I'm being reasonable with you, why are you responding with such an attitude?
Your shirt is stained. How long has it been since you last washed it?
We will have him greet with the guests. He is such a darling!
The opportunist politicians in the parliament would not miss any chance to attack their political rivals.
We've been arguing a lot less and talking a lot more, so our relationship improved quite a lot.
To his valiant actions, I have nothing to offer but the my deepest respect.
Yesterday I had seafood and I got ripped off!
The market worries that the Brent prices will drop sharp too.
You want to study medicine with this kind of examination results? Don't even imagine!
This morning I had to accompany my mother to see a doctor, that's why I was late.
She has been nice to you these days only because you have become famous.
Having not seen his girl friend for few days, he is suddenly aware that she is not in love with him anymore.
Studies have shown that the earlier one starts to gamble, the more likely one is to become a pathological gambler.
We go for a walk in the morning and evening.
Through examples, the teacher explained the usage of this vocabulary.
Mr Yip inherits his father's business and maintains good management. Like father like son!
My younger brother is a Hikikomori. I'm worried about him.
With these sharp weapon, no matter how many people whose tactics as good as Sun Tzu bring troops to attack us, have nothing to fear!
A-chung is such a pervert, always ogling girls. How disgusting!
The most important thing as an apprentice is to know your place and stay within your bounds. Don't think about setting up your own business all the time.
I have to thank my teacher for his inspiration; without him, I will not have this award.
The reason is that parents nowadays are over-caring their children, he says. That hit the nail on the head.
You are always on business trips, be careful not to ignore your newly wedded wife.
The company that he had worked for twenty years has disintegrated in one night.
I love chocolate. I eat at least a bar of chocolate every day.
Our company wanted to hire her, only to get preempted by our opponent.
I scored zero mark in the test. My teacher said she wanted to see my parents.
These seedlings need a year to grow fruits.
This editorial obscurely criticized the latest government's policy.
He started to live off his savings at home after his company went down.
It's okay for him to do so, but not for me. Do you still think that's not based on double standard?
The book seems quite interesting, let me take a good look at it.
He is a person who keeps all the memories of old days and old friendship in his mind, he can remember all the names of his primary school classmates!
Siu Ming doesn't wanna go to jail so he set Siu Mei up.
I only have ten dollars with me. I don't have enough money to pay.
He sports a heavy, bushy moustache, which often scares children off.
I work 12 hours every day for this job. It's unbearable.
Our team has not enough strength and no ground to fight with them.
He says flowery and pretty words, no one knows when his praise is real and when is not.
He had a stomach ache while attending class, but the teacher did not allow him to go to the toilet.
If you encounter danger in America, you can dial 112 for help.
An equilateral triangle has acute interior angles.
Camera eats first, first is about the dish look, second is about taste.
I took my mobile phone apart to see what was wrong with it.
The snake opened its big mouth, preparing to eat its prey.
They went shopping this afternoon, and brought back three large sacks full of booties.
You look so scrawny as if starving to death. Eat more rice for goodness' sake!
Being a doctor one definitely needs to bear in mind the occupational moral principle that one must not expose patients' personal information.
Who is that guy beckoning to you?
For this matter, I must wait for instructions from my boss before getting back to you.
He doesn't lie, but he boasts and exaggerates from time to time.
He has been working for over thirty hours without sleeping. He can be referred as an "iron man".
Facing the vigorous attack from their opponent, they are at a loss.
Accompanying with some guys to start a business, he found out they were all cheaters and took all his money away.
Hurry to the hospital, it's urgent and we need you to decide right now.
My boss changes his mind all the time, which makes me extremely confused.
Our shop never advertises, its all just word of mouth.
Heritage and innovation are the success factors of an enterprise.
He worked for the company in his waking hours, yet despite of that, he was fired before retirement.
Please do not be mistaken. I definitely do not think like that.
My dad's culinary skills are so good that my mum never needs to cook.
Almost all shops in this mall are outlets.
This kind of ramen is easy to cook: just add water and boil it.
I have just been all over the place lately because my family is moving during my exams.
I hope my eldest son would start looking for a job soon and help with the family income.
All children under 12 enjoy 50% discount on fare.
A-chung is not strong enough. He needs a pulley just to lift a chair.
This is the dear price pay for a hotel meal.
Mr. Wong the manager always lines his pocket with the company's money. He uses the expenses supposed for his business trips to go on pleasure trips with his family.
Many people misunderstand red laser as infrared radiation.
He is a youngster who neglected school, turning to be a thief instead.
His outfit is worth at least ten grand, style doesn't come cheap.
A bus is not a truck. Large items cannot be carried on board.
Ｍum asks me to translate the English letter into Chinese.
She is dooming all her husbands, of all of her three marriages, her partner either dies in sickness or accident.
After you married my son, you have the responsibility to extend the bloodline.
A-ming is very interested in biology. He hopes to become a biologist in the future.
Just now, all I did was to berate A-chung slightly, and he burst out crying. What a wimp!
He has no solid contribution to the organization, it's not strange that his office is abolished.
My home is in a mess. You'd better not come.
The official time is now 12:20 a.m. and 20 seconds.
He speaks in a lively and interesting manner. It's nice to listen to him.
The two of them are so intimate with each other, it doesn't feel right for me to be the third wheel.
There is a little achievement after implementing the Keep Clean campaign for several years.
She asked someone to have dinner together tonight, so she finished her tasks quickly.
Go wee-wee now, or else you will wet your pants later.
"Why don't you have dinner here before you leave?" "Please do not bother, I am meeting someone to have dinner tonight."
The government strives to provide a fair environment in order to enhance the confidence of foreign merchants to do business in Hong Kong.
It is not easy to explain the relationship between he/she and me in a few words.
Those slummy rogues are so troublesome, they keep harassing the passer-by.
Last night I freed our pet turtle in the countryside.
That's my own stuff, don't take it away.
You should seize this opportunity, these opportunities are rare.
I don't have a scanner at home, so I can't give you a copy right now.
My home has a storage type water heater, so I often run out of hot water when showering.
Mum goes, "No ice cream until you have finished your homework." Son goes, "No way! I will only start working after eating the ice cream!"
The shop is having a summer sale. Things are really cheap.
You should not be so stubborn and argue with your mum every time.
I'm in a relationship. Give up, and don't ever ring again.
Don't judge the restaurant by its facade. The food here is really bad.
Ming has made a good move! His promotion plan was a great success, the products were all sold out.
He formed a band with three good friends.
The teacher asked students several questions to guide them on the right track.
She's rarely late. Let's call her up.
She never replies to your messages means that she doesn't like you.
A woman stands in the middle of a crossroads so the vehicles keep giving her honks.
Even since the two of them had a big argument, they always turned their heads away, not talking to each other.
the referee, assistant referees and host are under me, how can you challenge me?
After the traffic collision in the countryside, he went to the hospital to see the doctor by himself.
This school is tagged as a gangster school.
Just now we played dodgeball. A-chung, being so clumsy and unable to dodge, took dozens of hit to the face.
I was a prefect back in my primary school, I was on duty during recesses and didn't have time for snacks.
I've bought a big cake to congratulate grandpa's on his seventy-year-old birthday.
A batch of political figures with high exposure have won the election.
In the election, the party I support won 20 seats.
Employees clicking on malicious links or using weak passwords are some of the ways that hackers have been able to gain access to companies' data.
There were some strong winds today; when the plane was landing it felt like riding a horse!
The boss rejected my idea again!
A-chung really likes to argue based on fallacies and twist one's principles in order to finish the argument.
He finds you only when he needs a recommendation letter and asks you a favour.
He used to be a football player, but he has switched to be a referee now.
Our vision is clear, that is to allow our brand to be involved in the international market within a year.
Deposit the money into the bank? No way, it may be embezzled.
There are many tailor-made products to tackle mould.
He spent all his efforts and finally finished this book.
Oftentimes, we become friends with people who have same interests entirely by chance. Such serendipity!
Listening to soft music can help one to fall asleep quickly.
My country is in ruins, how can I bear the guilt of surviving alone?
He is a scruffy-looking fella, the notion of shaving his thriving neck-beard had never crossed his mind.
Though she is afraid of pain, she insists on having a natural childbirth.
My grandma does not dare to eat liver because she is afraid that it would be too high in cholesterol.
My boss's wife keeps on ordering me to do this and that by mentioning my boss's name.
This couple has to devote all their waking hours to make ends meet and consequently little can be devoted to their son.
"It is healing to see everything so neat and tidy." "OCD here!"
My friend praised you for your sense of humour.
The supervisor has consulted others about this project.
The design doesn't seem to be done seriously. Can you make some changes to it?
The side effects of this pill are too strong. It makes me dizzy and my hands tremble.
This is a private swimming pool. No one will intervene even if you go skinny dipping.
These are all the resources we can spare, make do with it.
He sings pretty much better than the original singer of this song.
She got her boob squeezed by a pervert on the train.
These volumes are distinct stories, and are unrelated to each other. You don't have to read them in any particular order.
During the few days I was in Japan, I gave a cursory glance at the scenery but didn't notice anything special.
The meeting was just half-way through, and he made an excuse to leave early.
A train track usually consists of two tracks.
I like dining alone—it gives me time to relax and organise my thoughts. People may think of it as a socially awkward thing to do, though.
Don't hurry me up. I'll get my work done in a short while.
After millenniums of evolution, these alien and bizarre dinosaurs gradually turned into birds that we commonly see nowadays.
Many students can only memorize books but not understand them thoroughly. They forget what they have learned when the exams are over.
New Territories indigenous work as a norm for all those years, and they only know recently that transferring the "Male Indigenous's Right" is actually illegal.
Everyone's fate differs. Refrain your envy.
The program crashed. Can you please take a look for me?
That singer left the music industry at the prime of her career.
She was raped a few years ago and was traumatized.
The stationery here, sold at reasonable prices and of high quality, are well received by customers.
How would that guy's grades be better than mine? Ugh!
The government introduced this policy in hopes of stimulating the economy and improving people's livelihoods.
You were too straightforward. Next time you should say that with tact to the customers.
The Chinese name of Citibank is "Fa Kai".
After speaking to him several times, he just always ignore me.
We are all assembling at the pier and get ready for the protests.
Our shop opens today, everything is 20% off.
Extra staff were deployed last night at the Lok Ma Chau and Huanggang checkpoints.
You should call nine nine nine only when you really need it. Otherwise, you may be arrested for committing an offense.
He is just like the moon, visible but unreachable.
This case has too many points of suspicion. It's not one that can be cracked with the snap of a finger.
It just so happens that today is a festival, so all the streets are crowded with people.
SARS severely wreaked havoc on Hong Kong's economy in 2003. Be that as it may, Hong Kong people fought the adversity bravely.
Sharon Stone's alluring pose in the movie Basic Instinct is surely a classic.
Even if you couldn't finish it, you should give me a reply regardless.
After many years of hard work, she finally rises to become the head of the company.
The model adopted beautiful postures which met with loud applause.
He went abroad long ago. I can't help but miss him.
Why are there clothers everywhere? Put them back in the wardrobe.
My son is naughty. He always makes me angry.
He has to ask his wife for bus fare, his purse is a literal void.
She is such a good girlfriend, you could never find anyone like her again.
I can help you only if you promise not to use and dump me.
I am moving to Tseung Kwan O next week. Would you like to join my housewarming dinner?
It's a shame that students would do such thing now!
I don't work for the money, it doesn't matter if I have to cover the loss.
If you notice any unauthorised buildings, you can also report it to the Land Department.
The boss said that I've not fulfilled my duties, so I could not receive the bonus this time.
After analyzing the data, I noticed that the new drug is ineffective.
They're making out in the public, how revolting!
When you have a passion for performing, anywhere could be your theatre.
The other day I felt pain and bled a lot while pooping, and it turned out that I had an anal fissure.
I opened a studio with my friend to develop our hobbies.
There are two speeding cameras in Sheung Shui, remember to slow down.
After "sharing economy" bicycle companies went out of business, those bicycles could only be sold off as scrap metal.
It is written that there are six sorties per hour in this bus lane, why isn't there any bus for twenty minutes?
"Have you seen boss?" "No, I haven't."
I just think that giving it a try is regardless.
After her operation, it's like she was born again.
He throws the ball to a wall where it rebounds and hits himself.
Their breakup was out of the blue, let me pry into that and find out what happened.
Better boil the frozen food slightly in water to get rid of the smell of fringe before cooking.
He snores so loudly that it often disturbs my sleep in the dead of night.
The bacterial content of this beach has exceeded the standard, and it is not suitable for swimming.
Among all styles breaststroke is the slowest but also the easiest to learn.
The car is on the highway now, you can increase the speed.
The road to get here is very bumpy, so not many people come here.
We have successfully occupied our enemy's base.
The Earth's atmosphere is mainly composed of nitrogen, oxygen, argon, and carbon dioxide; it is divided into troposphere, stratosphere, mesosphere, thermosphere, and exosphere.
Lunar eclipses must take place on or near the day of a full moon.
Come on already, you monkey! I've been waiting for you the whole night.
Warm up the lid. Thermal expansion will help you open it.
Tomorrow is the deadline. The stuff has not been finished yet, but you are about to take half-day leave for going to a concert. Do you know you are irresponsible?
People said undergoing general anaethesia will make a person dumber, is that so, doc?
His works exhibit the style of a grand master.
Her parents passed away from the car crash, leaving her behind as an orphan.
The precipitation reaches 200mm. Lots of flooding are reported.
He is admitted to a highly competitive university programme, so he must be able to earn a lot after graduation.
Focus. I could feel the enemies.
Smallpox is the first eradicated epidemic disease in human history.
Everybody has an academic degree nowadays. A certificate is nothing more than an admission ticket for employment opportunities.
That manager is not equipped at all, the project will be a failure for sure if led by him.
It is hard to imagine that tiny place like HK is home to 7 million people.
If you want to be a shareholder, you need to fill in the letter of intent first.
After being scolded so many times, he's much more restrained now.
I'm going to meet our in-laws for the first time! I certainly have to put on my best clothes for the occasion.
Even if we go to prison, we don't need to be afraid, as we all have a chance to resume our previous high morals.
The hideout was so well hidden that the police would have a hard time finding them.
This person has done so many bad deeds that his death will not be mourned.
How careless you are! You already put on your glasses but you are still looking for them without noticing that.
Mr. Wong's daughter is the apple of his eye; he always provides her with all the best things.
He has to study abroad, but he doesn't wish to be separated from his family.
Only a very small number of people can afford to pay those prices.
Her husband is really somebody; he's a senior government official.
His wife is spared from any housework and was passed around as a trophy in her beautiful dresses at banquets.
In any event, I will go to visit him and see how he's doing.
In the good old days, my father did make a fortune in this business.
I was tricked by him and told him some information, be careful!
When the bill arrived I discovered I only had $20 in my pockets, so Ming treated me dinner that time. I feel so embarrassed.
He was blacklisted by immigration office, he cannot immigrate any more.
I heard that Uncle Chan died last month because of lung cancer.
My boss is very demanding. She's like not satisfied with something even after ten revisions.
That kindergarten is recruiting students. Hurry up and register!
This drama series requires parental guidance.
The accountant in my company stands in the way that I can't use the loophole to claim taxi expenses anymore.
A: "Wish you health!" B: "Same to you."
His son never returns from his enlistment.
We decided to plan our immigration now. The longer we stay, the more worries and troubles we get.
It is the third day of the hunger strike, Ming is obviously weaker than before, he couldn't even stand well.
Thousands of troops have massed along the border in preparation for an invasion.
He intended to flip mobile phones for a profit, but the prices crashed. He ended up selling his stockpile cheaply, at half the original price.
There will be talent show in our ceremony in a little while. Please enjoy the show.
I looked around the shops with friends as soon as it was holiday.
Because when we were balancing the till, the sum was not correct, I had to compensate the missing amount.
Do you know which computer belongs to which person?
You just hit your head. If you feel something's not right, go find a doctor immediately.
Please mosaic my face. I want to remain anonymous.
Why have you been pacing back and forth all morning? Is something troubling you ?
Uncle gave me ten US dollars. I have to exchange it into HK dollars in a money exchange shop.
When eating with me, we eat char-siu rice, but with her, you go to eat a buffet!
Can I play basketball with you? Let's compete by shooting three-pointers. The loser buys coke!
It is really disgusting that he changed his stance to kiss CCP's ass and took advantage of his friend's popularity to show his loyalty.
You won't know the true effect unless you complete the treatment.
It's so bothersome to cook on Sunday. Why don't we eat out?
Your password is so simple that others can crack very easily.
His dancing is so outstanding that sets others apart. He becomes the spotlight of the competition.
The works he has done are totally useless, dumb and wrong, how can I trust a guy like that?
A man would easily become the mediator between his mother and his wife.
Her husband has died a month ago, she is still wearing monotonic clothes.
This issue has become a hot potato. Anyone who takes it on ends up the worse for it .
Facing comprehensive threats from the power, how should we behave ourselves?
This wardrobe is a bit big for the room. Find one smaller.
You don't have to search for happiness. Happiness will find you.
That's quite unusual that it gets so crowded at seven, such an early time.
MTR will deploy more staff to assist affected passengers.
With the cooperation and contribution of the colleagues, the company has made such an achievement.
We have always been doing it this way. Don't get in the way!
He kept raving about how good restaurant's food was, but after trying it, I think it's not as good as he made it out to be.
The restaurant is on basement floor so my mobile phone is not connected to a network.
When the new model of mobile phone was launched, he bought it immediately.
I got an IUD from a clinic. It's been two years now.
I am completely wrecked now, as I have been washing dishes for twelve hours.
Since she still smoked and drank alcohol during pregnancy, her son was born with a deformity.
The previous owner built illegal eaves on the house.
Our neighbours upstairs are drilling walls at early morning—this has happened for many mornings already!
It is so close from Causeway Bay to Wan Chai, let's take the tram.
Leave only footprints but not trace in the nature.
We were so tired when we were half-way up the mountain, and were so exhausted to ascend any further.
They patted their own back for ranking second in an opinion poll they conducted themselves.
My dream girl rejected my advances again, and refused to go on a date with me.
They are going to have a two-people meal, don't be a third wheel!
How lucky of you that your son-in-law treats you so well.
Last time I screwed up the report, then my boss scolded me severely.
We've been gradually improving our educational quality.
After the accident happened, what the government did instantly was not to rescue but to block the flow of news.
I'd been sitting for too long. When I got up, I felt numb in my legs.
He likes to show off in front of his friends the most.
Having such a profound understanding of life in such a young age, he is quite a person.
You better leave after finishing your meal, what do you get to sit here all day?
This restaurant serves dishes that are so small that the bits are gone by the time they reach the stomach.
After he lost his job, he sits there every day, waiting for better luck.
I finally obtained this out-of-print CD today!
Keeping pets is all about responsibility. Since you can barely take care of yourself, I don't think it's a good idea for you to blindly follow the trend.
This is freakin' bad. My assignment is untouched at all.
This is a matter of life and death, we can't make the decision in such an easy manner.
Your poor life today is solely caused by yourself.
I don't like colourful clothes. I only wear those in plain colour.
The band split, and now only the vocalist competes for the music prize.
In years of war, the strength of the country has deteriorated while that of its counterpart has risen.
He bought a new car recently, so he could drive his father who suffered from a stroke around.
To take part in the lucky draw, write down the correct answer and send it to us together with a stamped envelope.
I prefer to keep out of arguments about money.
The discipline teacher carries a megaphone with her every morning.
The maximum penalty for this case should be no more than a few months. He should be released within a year!
Two bet won the top prize, each winning over eight million dollars.
They have arranged a very special and entirely new wedding ceremony.
There may be twists and turns in life, but the most important thing is to have confidence in yourself.
How do you eat a deep-fried breadstick? Biting it or cutting it into pieces?
Well, be careful of what you play out. She has almost all bamboo tiles. If you're  not careful, you may discard the losing tile!
Since he took part in politics, Ming has been too busy to see his family.
The former village school is abandoned as villagers have moved out of there.
You will be having a vacation next month. Have you booked the plane tickets and hotel rooms yet?
Your crush is recruiting "gun jam bing". Do you get the form to join?
To be politically correct in saying, gender equality is a must, but in real life situation, gentleman-ship is still commonly demanded instead.
In Hong Kong, most Chinese dictionaries are organized according to the character's radical.
These days winter melons are seasonal and look really great, buy some to eat please.
He speaks off and on, I can't figure it out.
Nowhere can be as comfortable as home.
This teacher is charged with statutory rape. He is not going to be a teacher any more.
I saw a fire engine downstairs. Where is the fire?
I forgot to bring umbrella today, and it was pouring so hard that my hair was dripping wet.
An extremist group admitted its launch of this terrorist attack.
A fortune teller can deceive you for ten or eight years, but I'm not gonna scam you.
I have been longing for a long time, that famous shop finally opens a branch in our district.
He has been eliminated in the first round of interviews.
The executive is accountable but not subservient to the legislature.
Counterfeit fragrances are rampant in auction sites. You are better to visit the official website to order it.
Go to this URL to access my personal website.
That restaurant is very popular. We waited for a super long time before we got seated.
Do not talk about so many unrelated things, let's get back to the topic.
Don't you think making noise the whole day is very annoying ?
After going through so much, the triad leader emigrated to New Zealand to unplug from the world.
Are you sure? Don't fill in the form casually.
To record a video, we must not use a mobile phone; instead, it is a must to use a video camera recorder!
Only if we work cooperatively can we do a good job.
Will snapping all the time cause wearing of joints?
His Cantonese pronunciation is not very accurate. Sometimes I have difficulty understanding him.
While they are fighting at the frontline, you enjoy a carefree and luxurious life. Don't you feel ashamed?
Volunteering not only helps others, it can be good for my mind and body too! So... why not?
I wonder if you owed me in the past life, is it now your payback time?
'I hurt my leg!' 'Well, it serves you right for being so naughty!'
Even if you go to the ends of the earth, I will follow you.
His grandfather migrated to the U.K. and washed dishes to earn a living for his family.
All of them will be sent by the university to famous law firms for internship this summer.
The press slightly hold disagreement on the nature of this incident.
Drivers who accumulate 15 or more demerits in two years will lose their licence for up to three months.
He lived in his uncle's house when he was studying abroad.
He's always gone without a trace at dinner time. Has he been going out on dates?
It is said that covering one's eyes with ox's tears would grant one the ability to see ghosts.
In severe cases, a stomach ulcer can lead to bleeding and can even kill.
Running a company successfully requires sufficient capital.
Zettai ryōiki kills, so tempting, so irresistible!
Your attire isn't quite appropriate for a funeral.
He beckoned to me, as if he wanted to speak to me.
The government's lack of foresight is shown through the $6000 scheme.
The stocks I bought in 2008 are now very faraway from their 'home-town'!
Last year I did not cut my hair yet. At that time I dyed my hair.
HKMA is the central banking institution of Hong Kong.
I had been a prefect in my secondary school for two years.
There's a group of people making trouble over there, call the police quickly!
He bursted into tears after finding out that his teacher passed away.
Upload stuff about the jerk and let netizens dox him.
He actually didn't mean to hurt you, please don't be angry at him.
Her party clashes with my elder sister's wedding, so I won't be able to go.
She married a wealthy husband and now she is a lucky wife living the good life.
Being separated for twenty years, they finally reunited in Paris.
The government vowed to step up checks against drugs at border crossings.
Each student has to write a short thesis at the end of the term.
That guy is always swearing and doesn't look classy at all.
On the commemoration day, the flag was flying at half-mast to pay tribute to the martyrs.
The old phone is not working. Use the old one to substitute first.
Do not dwell solely on the bad, we may very well be surprised!
You should not keep sticking to others for the whole life, you have to learn how to stand on your own.
Nowadays the society is more and more liberal: we can choose not to marry or choose not to have children.
Mirage in desert occurs because of multiple times of refraction and total-reflection formed in the atmosphere.
Although he is young, he is mature at work.
I'm now in the room signing karaoke with my friends, so it's a bit noisy.
Do you quit your job before you have found another, or the other way round?
"Thank you very much!" "You're welcome."
It's Lunar New Year. Let's buy a peach tree!
He is so busy that he could not get away, so don't disturb him.
The teacher motioned him to close the door by pointing at it.
He does not have a stable loving relationship. The longest one only lasted for a year.
After watching the horror movie, I can still feel my heart pounding.
Recently I'm in need of money, I think I should go pawnbroker to pawn my watch.
I have waxed my car and it looks glossy now.
Keep your hands steady when holding a camera.
You're so unbelievably cruel that you can even hit your younger sister! You're such a person without sympathy!
These fake products are so poorly made that it only takes one look to tell they're fake .
This work is picked after a strict selection.
The government are responsible for cremating the unclaimed corpses.
The number cannot be reached at the moment. Please call again later.
Emergency service teams safeguard lives and properties of citizens despite extreme weather.
The boss who only talks the talk but not walks the walk cannot win the support from his employees.
I lost a lot of money last time; this time I will win it back!
Having an accountant as the last defender, the company will not spend its money arbitrarily.
He was caught smuggling a cheat sheet into the exam, and was punished heavily.
If you are willing to apologise, the matter can still be retracted and settled.
The department store is having a big sale. Thousands of people are on hand to hunt for bargains. It's really crowded.
We discovered the issue too late, now there is no way to turn.
He's a very nice guy. You should treasure him.
This episode of the sitcom surprises the audience with twists and turns.
When you're playing, don't strangle the neck, it's really dangerous.
Wars have led life to wither and fall. It is sad to look at it.
What kind of makeup is this? So deadly terrifying!
That kid who cries easily must have a very low EQ.
Seeing its master coming home, the dog got so happy it threw itself on her at once.
Be careful, that forest is frequented by boars.
How good it would be if he were as well-behaved as his cousin.
We need a large number of cheering team members for the competition this time.
Eeeewwww! The uncle is so disgusting, that he scratches his ass out here publicly!
Don't be so angry. Children should be taught with patience.
Since the rumour that the Chief Executive will resign has spread out, he hasn't shown up to clarify the issue.
The principle of any sovereignty resides essentially in the Nation.
The Consumer Council points out that full body checkup plans do not help to detect inconspicuous diseases.
There are few people on the street. No business at all.
The land has been sold to the developers by the government.
The competition is close to the end, and he is still leading by far.
Most of the American Founding Fathers had inclination towards deism.
He dances beautifully. The judges are happy with his performance.
Why is she so happy? She's dancing, singing and so on.
She said what she did is to help me, but I wasn't easily fooled.
The match starts at 6, spectators can enter the stadium from 5.
I've been so busy with work; no time to even take a break and go somewhere.
He couldn't bear the blow of divorce, and kept narcotising himself by consuming alcohol.
Her essay is quite good, but some parts can still be improved upon.
I heard the loud laughter from the room and was wondering who it was. So it was you.
If we don't do it now, do we wait until we grow old?
In 1980s, mainland customs received red packets like bandit for passing through during festivals.
He is in a really good shape, thanks to those pull-ups he does every day.
This transparency of this committee is very low. People never know what exactly their work is.
Your aim is so good! Being able to hit the target with one shot, even with it being so far away.
We should give some thought on how we should get out of this difficult situation.
The forward pushed throught the defenders，twisted to avoid goal keeper，then used a light inside-of-foot kick to score the goal.
Don't walk on the escalator. It's dangerous.
If you go "all-in" in this deal, a win will make you, but a loss will surely break you and turn your life upside down. Think twice before you act.
Don't lose the ticket, later there would be someone come to check it.
This makeshift wet market has been running for ten years, and there are no plans to close it.
He is clumsy, you can't ask him to do detail work.
How can you make a decision if you keep hesitate?
If you want to get to the other side, you can go through this tunnel.
Every word from his lips irks me, it is really irritating.
He always smokes in his room, but finally leaving the whole house smokey and misty.
A century is really short in human history.
This guy is wicked. Keep distance or it will cause no end of trouble.
I was absolutely flabbergasted when I heard that from her.
It takes at least 3 year to complete the construction.
The Second World War has had a far-reaching impact on us.
This film can be said as an epoch-making masterpiece.
You are using all these gibberish Cantonese "proper" characters in your writing. No one will understand you.
The money is nearly in our grasp. We mustn't let him get any at all.
Females should conduct breast self-exams regularly to check for breast cancer.
He committed many atrocities, and now everyone is against him.
Seeing Ox-Head and Horse-Face standing in front of his sickbed, he knew death was imminent.
After the wedding, the couple cut the wedding cake together and share it with everyone.
Once you have arrived, remember to write a letter to us to let us know you're safe.
The first premise, is that everyone with their gender on their ID card written as male, are legally males.
Why not finish the job quickly and then we can all go back home.
He set the minds of his staff at ease by making a promise that there would be no sackings this year.
You've promised me but you don't take any action, don't you want to go back on your word?
You brats can't watch TV until you've done your homework.
During the anti-corruption campaign, the casino yachts far from the coast of Macau, as a collateral, were shut down.
The window period of HIV lasts at most three months.
The two were found to possess marijuana when they crossed the border.
You are so careless that you always forget to bring your key!
A scold for nothing, I don't think you will take that lightly.
Born in the royal family in the ancient times, one would have a prosperous life.
He did not phone back in the whole morning. I don't know where he went.
Sorry, we're closing soon. Would you mind settling up now?
Can I have a photo with you? I've admired you all along.
You just get married to Kay, and that's how she would treat you like this for the rest of your life; bro, that's a suffer.
This pot of moth orchid has only 2 stems. It does not look good.
The cheese recipe of this lesser-known restaurant captivated many Hong Kong men and women. Long queues form every day.
Since he had made some changes to the document secretly, the company lost a big sum of money.
Hey, don't distance yourself from us, come to talk together.
They worked in a huge hurry to finish those several pieces of transcripts.
There was a heavy thunderstorm last night. It was so noisy that I couldn't sleep until 3 a.m. in the morning.
I don't think he can provide me with a future. Should I break up?
Every time a girl talk to her boyfriend, she feels jealous.
To get to his place we have to take many different lines of transit, and then take the ferry. It's too complicated!
As he could not help pissing in his pants during the lesson, he was ridiculed for a whole year.
Policies of Kangxi's government had a profound impact on the stability of Qing's rule.
Eating mooncakes during the mid-autumn festival is a traditional activity.
The lawyer said this person committed the offence out of greed.
He is way too nice, running errands for practically everyone.
A sheep is next to the river. An elephant is next to the sheep. A monkey is next to the elephant. It looks like you.
I'm taking three freelance jobs in addition to my regular job. I'll be doomed if somebody finds it out.
The escort at the gentleman's club was very passionate with me, so I took her out of the club and went back to our hotel room for a second round.
After my son knows how to walk, he walks all over the house/home.
This completely newly designed package is much more attractive than the old one.
The blueprint is approved. The book can be published.
Manchuria-Han/Manchu-Han/Man-Han full banquet/Manchuria-Han/Manchu-Han/Man-Han feast consists of 108 delicacies and dainties.
The rain is heavy; I don't want to go outside.
I've been working on this assignment for quite some time. I have finally finished it.
He is really strict with the punctuality of his employees. Just one minute late for work and off you go for a scold.
If you become famous one day, don't act like you don't know everybody anymore. Be grateful for everything you've been given.
He is dominated by his girlfriend, and doesn't really have any say at all.
Many startup stories are about giving up high pay then being a wealthy founder.
Wah has a rather boyish character, so many boys like making friends with her.
Do you know why you got a naught in the exam? You are reading comics all the time.
Fewer and fewer residents of Cheung Chau catch fish for a living.
We made the same mistake together; I got sacked, while he merely received a warning letter. Don't you think that's biased?
After two hours of talking with you, all my trouble was swept away.
The integration of x² is equal to x³/3.
It is hard to estimate how many trees are damaged under this strong typhoon.
The centre to which I belong is recruiting tutors for their tutorial classes. Would you like to try?
The mass media exaggerated the malpractice of an official and the news spread like wildlife. Finally he had to resign.
Many schools would pick pleated skirts as school uniform.
You have to fulfill company's budgeted revenue before every year-end, or you will be to be reprimanded by a superior.
Why don't you maintain your car? At least put on a car cover to protect it from dust and scratches.
In democratic countries, the most reasonable solution to a controversial political issue is to debate it and then vote to come to a decision in the legislature.
The developer is having a large scale construction here. It deteriorates the air quality.
I've played football for over twenty years, it is time to retire.
No one wants to be scolded by the boss. You should hold back your anger.
This year's consumer price index has been continuously dropping.
I'm short of money these days, so can you lend me some money to use?
I have a total different standpoint with them, it is a waste of time to discuss.
A-chung is completely unpopular with women. He's bound to be a perma-virgin for sure.
It's so late now, and besides it's raining. Let's not go out.
She looks normal, but her voice is amazing.
Don't play for so long in the outdoors under this hot weather.
The weather's so good today, let's set sail on a boat trip.
Weather forecast tomorrow: Mainly cloudy, with one or two rain patches.
I'm sleepy after having lunch. Let me go get some coffee.
Please be more careful when you write. If this reaches the public we are gonna be in deep shit.
Keep your hands to yourself. We have to pay for the loss if you break something.
All the people attending this meeting are important people.
Even if the government wants to cool down the property market, it shouldn't do it at the expense of citizens.
I never thought that the last photo that I took for him would be used as his funeral photograph.
Last year, the Airport Tunnel and the Cheung Tsing Tunnel had an average daily flow of 60,000 and 83,000 vehicles, respectively.
A-chung helped someone sell naughty stuff, thinking he'd make some quick money.
He's got a bit of a sore throat, so he bought a bottle of common self-heal herbal drink.
You use the highlighter for every line. How is it different from not highlighting?
Enough of pleasantries, let us get straight to the point.
His performance in this TV drama tugs at the heartstrings of audience, making them hard to forget.
A-chung said he'd leave his parents and go explore the world on his own. The result? He got carried back after two days.
His dog went missing, so he's been putting up lost dog posters everywhere.
Who knew there'd be dim sum at HKUST [HK Univ. of Science and Tech.]! I would SO never have known without hearing about it from someone.
Mrs. Chan doesn't like her daughter's boyfriend so she keeps creating difficulties for him to handle.
There are many relatives of the boss working here, watch your words!
Of course we're taking the plane to travel to foreign countries. Who would consider going by ship?
I've just met my senior and learned that he has been working in the university since his graduation.
Don't put the rubbish bin at the door, it'll get in the way of people entering and leaving.
The original shop cannot afford the increasing rents and will be closed soon.
Careful you don't slip - there's water on the floor.
I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate all the winners.
Yo had already broken up with your ex for a whole year, why you still not dating another one ?
There are two queues here. This queue is for Hongkongers, and foreigners go to the one over there.
(after some consideration) We likewise feel that every person is born equal.
I will sound him out on his views regarding this issue.
I hope you can forgive me and understand my difficulties.
When the CE walks on the stage, a group of youths yell at him and are immediately carried away by the guards.
If I can get close to him, I can kill him in one punch.
He was so scared that he was frozen into the pose of standing stick and didn't say anything.
We were fishing in the New Territories, but all the good mood was gone when the downpour came unexpectedly.
I was just joking. Who would have thought that he would take it so seriously?
He may seem dorky, but he is actually very sophisticated.
You should not always think that you are a cut above the rest!
You are so arbitrary! You stepped on me and now you said I kicked you!
Your action figures are taking up too much space. Just throw them away!
6 eggs, 2 teaspoons of sugar, and some orange peel, then you finish off by thickening the sauce with corn flour.
She calls herself a "goddess" with her thick arms?
Our company are full of capable people that each of us performs excellently.
Don't think that I perform so easily. I practiced hard for a long time before I can make it.
She improved a lot this semester. We should give her some prizes to encourage her.
Due to the landslide, part of the road has to be closed.
Siu-ming is so negative-minded, always claiming that he will not be able to finish his work.
Your body stinks! Go and take a shower right now.
Western-style fried rice, Yeung Chow fried rice, Hokkien fried rice, there are so many different kinds of fried rice. I can't distinguish them.
I want to consult my lawyer before making the decision.
The audience can now make a request by fax to dedicate a song to sby.
That damn cop is such a stupid cock, accusing people by making up false confession.
Let's enter the mysterious world of plants.
I was having food as usual, when suddenly I received an urgent call from my mother.
After watching the film, he expressed his feelings of further losing faith in humanity.
Actually I don't like computers. I'm just thinking of it as an easy alternative!
After three rounds, we all know who the winner is.
Women of that class, men like you would never win their hearts.
That big restaurant was closed down and over a hundred employees were dismissed.
When Easter is coming, most kindergartens would love to teach students to make Easter eggs as crafts.
In 221 BCE, the First Emperor of Qin completed the conquest of the other six major states.
It is better to change the water filter core once a month.
When there's something weighing on you, remember to speak your mind. You mustn't bottle that up inside.
If children are not corrected when they do something wrong, then it will just get worse; the children will not be able to tell right from wrong.
Don't be such a scrooge, it's just a couple pennies for the charity.
The legislative council election will be held tomorrow. Remember to cast your vote!
The police captured the whole gang of criminals in one swoop during a secret operation.
Mr. Tang's old company urged him to enter its management for its survival.
What I mean to say is, I don't really like sitting with him.
He is sleeping so deeply that I just can't wake him up.
Do you know zebras are actually polygynous?
He said a girl with a little baby fat is cute.
I am not a professional on this field, don't ask me for opinion.
The sauce is too strong and covers the raw flavor of the steak.
Anyone else bidding? One, two, three, it's a deal.
U.S. gold futures settled 2.1% lower at US$1,970.30 per ounce.
We spend a lot of effort in order to convince the management to withdraw this decision.
Top three teams from B league will be promoted to A league.
Don't sprinkle too much cinnamon powder into coffee, for cinnamon's nature is 'hot and dry'
Why do you always get into pointless arguments with people? You're such a schoolkid!
Nah, I didn't feel ashamed anyway so I gave it a try. Turns out that it works.
Taking into consideration that it was not your intention, we decided not to ask for any compensation for the loss.
This guy is really very resourceful. It is quite a surprise that many celebrities attend his birthday party by invitation.
A-chung and his cronies are always stealing food. This time I'm going to punish A-chung severely and make an example of him!
They provide the soy sauce, and you provide them with the chicken? You'll lose big time!
Just don't be so nosy. Mind your own business!
I think the overall result is quite good.
Do you need to be scrolling away on your phone in bed to be happy?
This pair of shoes is not too big and not too small: it just fits my feet.
Spending that much on free-to-play games, you may run out of lunch money.
The couple never quarrelled in the thirty years of marriage.
After three years of war, the army became injured, incomplete and weak.
I have a really busy job; I don't have much chance to meet friends.
Falling down from 2/F but having no injury, you are really tough!
Common cold is generally caused by viral infection; antibiotics would not help.
We all hope that he won't retire so early, and that he will continue to remain in office.
She loves and cares the baby so much that she treats it even better than me!
I don't want to talk to you anymore. In brief, do not eat in bed.
The simple look of wallpaper in plain colour looks pretty fine too.
Chief Executive's popularity rating dropped 10% this month.
Firemen are fearless in extinguishing the fire and saving people; they really are admired.
He knows nothing apart from spending money. A typical big-spending and spoiled kid.
Employers and employees should mutually agree on the arrangement during typhoon in advance.
The place value of the units value is 1 and that of the tens value is 10. So on and so forth.
In view of the worsening pandemic, the U.K. decides to move to restrictions in a higher tier and impose a national lockdown.
I only scratched your car, let me pay you back.
Last time I made fun of her, she joked that she didn't want to be friends with me anymore.
As all of you do me the honour to sing, I'll show my immature skill.
Using computers in the old times needs to type commands.
As he married a spiteful and saucy woman, he will suffer for the rest of his life.
Chinese was made an official language in 1974.
We've been waiting for an eternity, but there's finally good news about the government handout.
I was having lunch with him, and he kept bombarding me with sarcasm. How impolite he was!
Don't act crazy again! I beg you!
Three months after the terror attack, the criminal is still on the run.
Why did you ask such a serious question all of a sudden?
People with poor respiratory health should not go out because of the serious air pollution today.
Since the police have already completely surrounded and secured the area, the criminal should not be able to escape.
Wilson Road was named after the first Surveyor General, Wilberforce Wilson.
As much as possible. I can finish all the hamburgers no matter how many!
The influence of Hong Kong's think tanks on the government's decision-making is still limited.
Lee Lai Shan won an Olympic golden medal in windsurfing.
He speaks from such lofty heights, mortals like us will never understand.
if the handle is broken, you won't be able to open the window.
This area is strategic. It is easy to defend and hard to invade.
This store sells miscellaneous items; there are all kinds of things.
He stopped playing computer games for a while, but it didn't last long.
In this construction site, Mr. Chan is the most skillful one when it comes to building mortar walls with crushed stones and cement.
Why do you look so tired? Did you have a bad sleep?
Last night, A-chung went to buy a newspaper. He encountered a gang of hooligans, and got badly beaten.
In this office of purely females, there are no able-bodied men who can replace water bottles.
Once you said that you are going to study overseas, his jealousy all comes out.
The police managed to subdue the kidnapper. The hostage was unharmed.
Don't even think you can run from this. You are going to die with me!
The sixth form students form the majority of the participants in this competition.
Today is the boss's birthday. Go to say happy birthday to him.
This sect has many followers, they must be collecting some hefty amount of offerings.
You'd better not swim backstroke when it is too sunny.
Korean pop stars are crowded around by many bodyguards whenever they leave the airport.
Important political figures often hire decoys as a defense against assassination.
The building is located on the main street in Tsim Sha Tsui and near the MTR station.
Don't go into a forest alone; you may get lost.
You'd better go get your flu vaccine soon to avoid getting sick.
From the beginning of construction to its completion, this project took five years in total.
At first he was not considered to be promoted, but he stole a place by brown-nosing.
At midnight that night, I got on a red minibus from Mong Kok to Tai Po.
Tomorrow is his last day. It can't be true that you didn't know it until now, right?
They greatly outnumber us, we can't win this fight! Run!
I want to eat fruits wherever I am pleased, durian for instance.
The deadly building collapse in Ma Tau Wai Road happened several years ago.
The cops are too scared to do anything about the gang fight.
My friend is really stubborn. He never listens to people.
The student's  conduct kind of workplace politics.
A 30-year-old virgin, what a pity.
I am already thirty years old. How can I ask my parents for money.
The coffee is so full that it might spill over, take a sip first!
We can't be losers; we must fight for our dignity!
Don't assume he has bad grades just because he is always sleeping in class. He actually gets high marks.
These young dudes we hired this year are quite hard-working and willing to learn.
There are Christians singing Christmas carols on the street every Christmas Eve.
Due to the influence of the No.8 typhoon signal, ferry services will be suspended.
Playing with one fewer player puts them in a disadvantaged position.
After vernal equinox, the day will be longer than the night.
He is no ordinary person judging by his words.
She just had a miscarriage and you came and ask her is abortion a good choice? Are you kidding me?
Once he became rich, he pretended not to know his friends who had helped him. How disappointing!
We have to be free and easy, don't always think of the things that happened before.
During the break between classes, they are openly speaking ill of the teacher.
The goods are selling so well, there's no need to fear that you cannot earn money.
"It was so kind of you to give us a lift."   "Don't mention it - it was nothing!"
You broke her favourite vase! This time you're in serious trouble!
Public housing rent rise adds to the heavy burden of the grassroots.
Due to global warming, the number of polar bears keeps decreasing.
The subordinates are too obsequious to give their opinion.
She just filed for bankruptcy, yet I saw her parading herself like a socialite the very next day, what a boastful bluff she is.
They are kind of hiring under the table. Don't waste your time to apply for the position.
After a long period of hard work, he went to Thailand to recharge his batteries.
Just clothes and shoes cost me three grand a month. How could a ten-grand salary be enough?
In the urban core, a great number of tall buildings cluster. Low buildings like community halls and schools can be used as visual and spatial relief inside.
It's very unusual for so many fish crowd at a single place.
Today we are going to talk about ways to spell out words in Cantonese.
You got too many groceries! The fresh produce is gonna turn bad before you can finish them!
This pen is shared, please remember to put it back after using.
This flat seems sound and wholesome, should be good to live in.
Why do you need to call up a gang to intimidate me? If you are a man, just fight me one on one!
Don't congratulate me yet, I have just started writing the essay, god knows it could be included in the Academic Journal or not.
refined on the outside, but perverted and desperate on the inside
Some people just love to do dangerous stuff like climbing up a cliff.
The Hong Kong Team will step up their training and hope to attain ticket to the Olympic trial next month.
Many grand occasions are held in Hong Kong every year.
Ma, I want a woof-woof!
The road is very complicated, walking on it is very tiring.
She's rather stuck-up. She doesn't respond when others talk to her.
You should cherish this hard-earned chance.
Hong Kong Shue Yan University became an university in 2006.
Many producers of those so-called "health food" are just trying to make money with their brand name.
She looked like a puppy in love once she received the flowers from her boyfriend.
A super heavy lunch causes food coma, and it will be difficult to pay attention in class.
She pretended she didn't know me when I saw her yesterday.
A bowl of ramen costs 850 yen, which when converted to Hong Kong Dollars is just $64.
I took the flight from Hong Kong to Munich, and then transferred to another flight to Berlin.
The officer was sentenced to jail for purchasing a flat with public funds. Serves him right.
Master Tse does not concern himself with wordly matters; if he admires you enough, he'll break the bank without a second thought.
This tree has been eroded by wind and rain and is at risk of falling at any time.
Who are you? How dare you be so unruly in my place!
An oversea trip easily costs you several thousand dollars. I don't have so much money.
She knows how to take care of herself - she still looks very young even at 60 years old.
This year, many people came to perform music in this area, what a magnificent situation.
You would have a better chance to get promoted if you took part in the initial development of a newly established school.
It's no easy task to transform from a housewife into a professional woman.
There are so many chores for the household and it makes me really hard to step out of the house.
Not many Hongkongers can devote themselves to social movements in Hong Kong from a distance.
The TV station has recorded losses for years on a row and suffered a great loss of audience. Its doomsday is almost there.
Instead of buying an international phone card, why not call through IDD?
Cantonese is easy to learn, you need not worry that you can't start.
Sigh, my son's all grown up now, and he has his own life to live. I may be his mother, but who am I to tell him what to do?
She's a very nice girl. You should treasure her.
Lee Tai Man didn't go to the university. When he knew that Miss Chan was a doctor, he dared not to date her again.
I don't ask for much; a reasonably self-sufficient and stable life is good enough for me.
If I had not asked you two to take a photo together, I would have never known that you are such good friends.
My house was broken into last night. I have lost many things.
You have grown up now, what makes you think you can still use the bath bucket to bath?
He sought $1 million compensation to make up for his ordeal.
Are you sure you're with us? We aren't talking about that right now.
He knows this place well. I don't think he will guide you to the wrong road.
Mum says if one has a sore throat, taking the water stirred with the pickled kumquats will help.
Siu-ming loves singing, so he joined the school choir.
How's the whole story? Tell me clearly.
The nurse has already wrapped the dead body with shroud and sent it to the mortuary before the reporters arrived.
With constantly placating, his anger finally disappeared.
If loudspeakers are too loud, the sound will be distorted.
This game requires cooperation of the whole to finish.
The two of them always hug and kiss in front of everyone. I'm getting goose bumps looking at them.
A man was chased after and attacked by a masked hitman in Mong Kok.
Many of the survivors of the earthquake are still suffering inside.
You lost your monthly underground ticket at the start of the month, what a shame.
Not everyone can stand the pain suffered from gymnastics training.
Brazil only lost 0-3 against the Netherlands, it's already an improvement compared with their match with the Germans!
The medical workers have to endure heavy work pressure, which makes them physically and mentally exhausted.
Are you high? You keep laughing and yelling.
This ticket allows you unlimited entries for a day.
The newspaper featured a parody of an MTR advertisement by some netizens.
Even you guys force me, I would not surrender. I am ready to defeat you with self-sacrifice in the worst case.
Just tell me what you want straight. Don't be shy.
To hide his identity, he dressed like a woman.
We were talking about the expenses. The discussion went totally off-topic and turned into a conversation about cars.
He drives around in his Rolls-Royce. How cool is that!
This is a website that is famous in the United States.
She always pouts if she doesn't get what she wants.
Can you do me a favor and replace your tattered bag?
It's so pretty here that you feel like you're in a television drama.
He just gave a useless speech, and I didn't even pay attention.
He said the bird was so pitiful of being caged, and then he set it free.
The excellent drawing skills and intriguing stories of his comics attracted many readers.
It's indeed desirable to have the deal made. Even we fail, we can still gain connections.
Dear honourable guests, the banquet is ready. Please kindly make your way to the dining hall and enjoy.
The land of milk and honey awaits after this harsh winter.
I said goodbye to him, and he left silently without so much as a glance my way.
So it was him stirring things up, no wonder there's so much gossip about me.
You are the one who made this big mess for the company; you really need to come up with something to clear it up.
It is rare that we few are having such a nice chat. A thousand shots are too few when drinking with bosom friends. Why not stay to drink up till we get drunk tonight!
This bread may look ordinary, but the process to make it is actually not easy at all.
You should only take the cloth samples you need; it's so inconsiderate to take every type of them.
Much of the donation has been taken by the officials and could not be sent to the victims.
What's the point of paying so much effort? It will be just wasted!
Mum looks after us meticulously, we should be filial towards her.
People eat different cakes in the new year. Chinese turnip cake is the most popular one.
The creature wiped the whole team with a single global attack.
You've just met each other and you're already getting along!
If you take those few incidents together, you will understand he is not a good man.
If the dress doesn't fit, you can return it for another product as long as the difference in price is paid.
Even though he may have offended you, you don't have to beat him up so badly!
She is always talking about how patriotic she is, but how come she didn't donate any money for the flood?
He switched jobs a few times, but never got the hang of any of them, so he went back to his old job.
The age of that museum is over sixty!
During the Second World War, in order to flee from the Japanese army, my parents escaped from war and came to Hong Kong.
It would be awful if you really think in this way!
The famous painting by him is a representative piece of artwork of pop art which emerged suddenly then.
You said it was 3 years only, but then 3 more years, and then 3 more years again! It is going to be the 10th year already, Boss!
You guys are idiots. How can you lose in a 3 on 1 fight? And you dare come back to tell me you failed?
It takes such a long time for this correction fluid to dry. No wonder it fell into disfavour.
They stayed at your home without paying for food or lodging, didn't you get mad?
Everywhere is full of vitality in spring.
Things are lying everywhere here. Watch out your step when you come out.
The teapot is not well-made, it leaks when I pour tea from it.
These Cantonese black and white films are a good reflection of the living conditions of the lower classes at that time.
His idea was pioneering. Yet, even though he recognized it in advance, it had taken quite a long time until it was proved, to gain agreement of the mass.
He acts very strange these days. Is he haunted by a ghost?
Don't idolize this drama too highly, it is practically unknown outside of Asian market.
You've been promoted to management now, you rule this place! Happy?
A senior official joined a developer via revolving door, which induces controversy.
She's very hardworking. She became the chief editor in one year.
This company offers very high salary such that I can't resist. It makes me want to resign and join now.
Siu-wai warms up slowly to people. She won't be very passionate when you first meet her.
It doesn't look like a dog at all. What are you drawing?
Our production line is subject to strict quality control.
I'm free at lunchtime. I can go to the hospital and visit her.
Polar bears have thick layers of fur and fat to survive in the freezing arctics.
The WiFi is not working again. Why not restart the router?
The whole office fell silent when he revealed his job title.
Facilities provided by this centre include tennis, golf, bowling, etc.
Stop making fun of him. He suffered enough.
Is y=x² a function or not?
Kenny is your boyfriend, and you are cooperating with his rival company. You are now helping outsiders instead of supporting your close one. Be careful, he might be angry with you.
The bus almost turned over. We were so lucky that we survived.
Some people think that legalising football betting will corrupt social values.
Some commentators may evaluate the film too highly.
Since this company reduced staff for no reason, many of them complained to the Labour Department.
What do you guys think. Do long-distance relationships work?
I want to wait until it's cooled down. When everyone calms down, we can then consider how we should handle this.
Revolving doors are installed in many Nordic countries as insulation between the indoors and the outdoors.
Insect damage breaks out after two months that crops face a threat again.
I held a lot of character tiles at the beginning, and I won the round quite quickly.
After becoming a member, we will offer you an one-month extra service, and it is free before trial period expires.
It set off another round of debate concerning euthanasia.
The students think about life following the teacher's guidance step-by-step.
As he did not manage to pay the bail, he had to spend a whole night in the detention cell.
He always says how much he concerns about charity, but when it's time for donation, he is only fast in talking, but slow in paying.
The toilet is clogged. I need to get a plunger to pump out the sewage to clear it.
Miss Lau is very vivid in the class, everyone listens to her.
The man who was injured in the traffic accident was lying on the ground.
My heart is only you, but money is the only thing true to you.
The latest release of the Science magazine is great stuff. It talks about the super-massive black hole at the centre of the Milky Way.
I don't fucking know! I don't fucking remember! I don't fucking wanna speak with you, don't fucking bother me!
Scientists are investigating how to make people live longer.
He walked out from the station and soon disappeared in the crowd.
Nothing is perfect; even our own fingers are not equally long.
I'd like to give you a generous gift to thank you for being our matchmaker.
Siu-ming's temperament changed a lot these days. What happened?
The grassroot class is affected the most when the economy is bad.
You have sent an e-mail to him already. It is unnecessary to make a call.
The amount of money he and I have altogether is 380 dollars.
I am grabbing his throat and he can barely breath.
Can't you go to the ball? Oh, that's such a pity.
This shop is famous for its nougats, they aren't too sweet or too hard.
I think Tang poetry and Song ci poetry are on a similar rank in literature.
According to radar data, there is a seventy-percent chance it will rain tomorrow.
This actress is really popular lately and has a really tight schedule.
Whatever he has done, he is still your teacher. Give him some respect.
Mike directed the MV of his own new song and asked his friends in the show industry to star.
He is very reserved, expressing his thoughts so rarely.
You are gorgeous, generous and decent—just too good to be true.
He always reneges on his words, and thus it is hard to believe him.
Her husband just passed away. Once she sees her husband's belongings, they remind her of him.
Wow, you are driving at 80 km per hour, beware you will get caught by the police cameras.
The hinge is squeaking. You should spray some lubricant on it.
Just now, at the moment the department store opened, a gang of housewives flooded in there to grab discounted goods.
This flight is going to take off for London in 10 minutes.
The two drivers are in critical condition after the crash.
He lends me $100000 to help me through the urgency.
He officially works as a tour guide, and does translation only as a sideline.
Buyers must finish jobs in overseas quickly, with great fashion sense and physical strength.
Now, we are using medicine as a temporary measure to suppress his illness.
We have feelings, after all. It is usual that we miss them somewhat.
The winner will get a return ticket to San Francisco.
Nowadays, teenagers start smoking at a very early stage. Seeing this makes me angry.
I'm confident that we are definitely winning this match.
How come you are so clumsy? You are always complaining about weaknesses of this and shortcomings of that.
Everyone knows he is such a stingy person, how would he be willing to lend you money?
If you do not find out the source of stress and do not relieve your stress well, problems about your biological and mental health will arise.
I'm going to have a meeting in Guangzhou and pass Hong Kong on the way, so I come to visit you.
I didn't studied hard this semester, so that I got bad results.
Estuaries are suitable for the growth of mangroves.
Socialisation agents usually include families, peers, schools, mass media and so on.
No matter how I teach the kid, he still doesn't listen to me, what else can I do?
You are not handsome, and you can't fight, you have a complete failure in life.
The terrorists threaten to avenge their fallen brothers with blood.
It's illegal to have sexual activities with girls under 16.
Sir, are you done with your acting yet? No one touched you at all. How could you dive to the ground yourself and pretend to be the victim?
More and more Bauhinia medals are awarded every year on the first of July, which greatly depreciates the honor these medals stand for.
As the name suggest, an oval face means that one's face has shape of an oval.
The judge considers the testimony in court untrustworthy.
As the election is approaching, the candidates actively promote themselves by praising extravagantly.
When Alan analyzed to this point, he still smiled like facing an old friend, but actually his facial muscles were quite stiff.
He said his tongue burns after eating the mushrooms. I fear that he might be suffering from poisoning.
Now everybody has a pay freeze; no one wants to spend money.
Mrs Chan, why are you dressed so young today?
Heaven changes all at once, but people want to change, it takes a long time! It's really so hard to change a person's nature.
You are having three jobs at the same time, do you think you are superman?
Those who are born in August should be Leo or Virgo.
The education sector is now collecting signatures for a petition against the reimplementation of TSA.
I want to buy a bigger house which includes both sitting room and dinning room.
We usually have alkaline dumplings with sugar or syrup.
After stealing clothes you steal money again, you have done enough bad things, I won't forgive you this time.
The facial masks are in short supply recently. Their prices even go higher due to speculation.
This company adopts such reward system with equal shares regardless of work done, who will work hard for the company?
That's awesome! Why is it like that? Why is it like that?
He always keeps his audience hanging in frustration with half-stories.
I have no idea whether the students performing in the mass dance are too weak to stand the coldness. I can only tell that their performance is fantastic.
The excellent workmanship of this vase is the reason for its expensive price.
I suggest they not install broadband, dial-up internet connection speed is enough.
This girl is so beautiful she seems to stop the world when she smiles.
The customs officer found a bag of heroin on a traveler.
As soon as the school bell rang, students filed out of school and raced back to home.
He asked me out on a date, but that does not necessarily mean I have to say yes.
Young people nowadays cannot endure any hardship, starting to complain after working in the real world for only a month.
After ten years, the classmates finally gathered together again.
Your face becomes so dirty with your make up.
She accepted the important task warily.
Today I planned to dine out without expecting the upcoming pouring rain.
The way my son does his homework really drives me crazy. After one or two questions, it's time to get something to eat; after getting something to eat, it's time to go to the washroom. Lazy people can really make up a lot of excuses to escape work.
I think it's important to protect your baby's delicate skin all year round, not just in winter.
His company benefited from the loss of a competitor.
This guy always treats people according to their status, he could rocket up his status in the company for sure, but a lot of friends have left him because of this.
The next foe that stands against the Hong Kong team is the Spanish, may the gods have mercy on us.
I pressed the wrong button and ended the previous call by mistake.
How dare you rip the cheque up! Are you mad?
It was just an accident, but it gained a sea of compliments.
I don't know everything about him. Be careful.
In Sociology, the Urban Political Economy approach tends to use a top-down approach to analyze urban phenomena.
A-chiu never hesitates to do what is right. When he saw the girl jump into the sea, he followed to rescue her immediately.
During the Iraq War, the Saddam regime was overthrown.
Everyone except you has submitted their drafts.
Not all poisoned people need gastric lavage. We should let the doctor examine first.
I wanted to speak with him after the meeting was over, but he was gone in a flash.
You look so scared, are you alright?
A-ming is playing soccer against the wimpy A-chung. How is it possible that he has a fifty-fifty chance to win? 90% is more like it.
Dekisugi is a talented student in Doraemon.
We will all remember our teacher's heartfelt encouragement and advice.
Hey! You lecherous man! If you stare at me lustfully again I will report you for sexual harassment!
This course is divided into three levels, including beginner, intermediate and advanced.
Consuming excessive sugar is not the main cause of diabetes.
This girl is innocent and naive, don't teach her any bad habits!
How come the leadership don't put such talents in important posts? They can't be more ignorant.
This hair dryer is double insulated. It can be used in the toilet.
He can't control his own emotions and screams hysterically whenever he is unhappy.
If you work like that not only will you not help him, on the contrary you will be a hindrance.
The child is too fat. He should not eat outside regular meals.
Please remember you are the prince, your speech and behaviour should be self-respecting.
With this insecticide, extermination of the roaches is assured.
She's a very busy person. Of course she's not free to answer your calls.
His DSE results are only fairly well, so please suggest to him some favourable ways to arrange his JUPAS choices.
Having a afternoon tea break is a good choice when you want to take a breather during a busy period.
This line of mine is quoted from Marx's Capital.
I could not sleep last night so I have severe dark eye circles today.
We don't have much food left, please put up with it.
Beijing is a direct-controlled municipality of the People's Republic of China.
He received the wedding invitation from Ming, but he actually doesn't want to go.
If the government increases taxes by twenty per cent, there is a good chance it will lead to riots.
Nowadays, it is rare to use Acrinol on a wound.
I'm not judging you. It was you who took it personally.
Her husband passed away only a month ago, while she's had a new lover already.
A lot of parents pull strings in order to get their children into famous schools.
Now that your uncle has gone bankrupt, and set himself as an example of financial irresponsibility.
How can I get so much money to lend you in a sudden?
You can compare these two cameras and see which one is easier to use.
If he doesn't appear before 10 o'clock, I'm going without him!
Our strength right now are not enough to fight against other teams.
We may not be able to fully understand the actual pain suffered by the victims' families.
Because of his continuous effort, he got great achievement in his career.
The general defended Sichuan using the peculiar landscape with one thousand troops against an invasion of ten thousand.
After the earthquake happened/occurred, there were many destitute orphans. / The earthquake left many orphans destitute.
When the disturbance occurred ahead, we all paced back and forth on the same spot, and dared not move forward.
Getting lost on the way but ending up in such a good restaurant that serves good food, really is a fault on the right side.
He overcame challenges and strove to come through, and finally has his achievements at the present.
It's not my fault to lose, it's the lag. Blame my computer.
We have more than enough time and are supposed to manage to complete the project in time.
Due to the bad whether, we need to terminate all the outdoor activities.
A-chung always reads dirty books. How foul!
In recent years, there have been cases from time to time in which animals and members of the public were injured by animal traps illegally deployed in rural areas.
Give me a couple months and I shall find enough cash to pay my debt.
123, traffic light. Cross the road, be careful. (a popular Cantonese child verse)
First, let us invite our president to deliver a speech for our graduation ceremony.
You have to act like an alpha-male, and only then will you attract girls!
The theatre has already ended that movie's run. You can't see it there anymore.
I don't see the need of watering the garden after the rain. Don't waste time on unnecessary task.
Our supervisors have asked us to do more self-critique to reflect on our own weaknesses in the workplace.
Your clothes crinkle up like preserved cabbage, you'd better iron it.
Did you say meet me outside the shopping mall? I walked around the shopping mall for a complete circle and still couldn't find you.
These two handbags seem to have little difference, I don't know which is better.
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority has amassed 80 billion USD worth of foreign reserve to stay afloat in this financial tsunami.
I had diarrhoea for two days because I ate some raw food.
This new singer may have just started her singing career for two months, but her name is already known by many!
Today I shall rip off your mask of hypocrisy in front of everyone.
Father's day has never been as important as Mother's day.
The police station received a package today. It is suspected to be a bomb.
The government must have an itchy ass now, they are trying to implement the copyright amendment bill even nobody wants it.
Participating in the countdown event with friends is the best way to celebrate the new year.
I remember my teacher's words as if he has said it just now.
The president has profound support from the public, it is a sure win in the coming presidential race.
The security guards of City One Shatin is the fastest team on earth to install wheel clamp.
You're eating at "old Mac" every day, isn't that a bit boring?
A typhoon hits Hong Kong. Citizens rush to supermarket to buy food.
We lost track of the plane after it had sent out a mayday.
The police decided to implement crowd control measures as there are too many people come for watching fireworks.
The engineer believed that the roof of the house might collapse at any time.
You're turning 40 next year, not young anymore.
Remember to test the bicycle brakes before you set off.
The public holiday wasn't over on the 4th day of the lunar year in 2017; people didn't "look like on the 4th day" until the 5th day.
The love between A-man and her husband fades and they're living apart now. It seems that there's no way to remedy.
I went to the beach last week and got a tan line.
How wonderful it is to have spa and enjoy such beautiful scenery at the same time!
The target customers of our company are mainly youngsters.
Let me reveal who you really are in front of everybody!
Please don't make any excuse to skip classes. It's a waste of tuition fee.
Our teacher is devoted in nurturing talents lifelong and contributes a lot to education.
If you have questions, ask now. Don't blame this and that afterwards.
I'm not dating her! Stop this bullshit.
He will arrive after an hour. Let's start eating to wait for him.
The main advantage of online shopping is convenience. You don't have to go out to buy things.
I've just watched a horror film. I was scared that my heart was pounding.
We can exchange books and share ideas in the cafe this afternoon.
The term "The Four Asian Tigers" refers to Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Singapore.
You are really too slow. You've spent already an entire hour but you still can't get out!
There is too much deadwood in this company, it is only going to collapse upon itself.
The party media would not report these news, as they may deteriorate the party's image.
Now the new has come out, and every one can recognise you.
The dish may seems easy to make, but the steps are indeed quite complicated.
The football player startle people with his brilliant skill in this match.
He is capable of getting whatever he wants.
How exactly can I escape from this troublesome guy?
Your parents can't look after you for your whole life. When you start working, you should look out for yourself.
On a cheque, in addition to the Arabic numerals, you also need to write the the payable amount in either Chinese anti-fraud numerals or English.
We'll provide you with a donation of three million dollars as an expression of our good will .
Hosting a show is really demanding on one's wits to adapt.
The most beautiful scenes are usually in narrow lanes.
Now you are not the one to be blamed, what are you being so angry for?
He has bought some old components because he would like to fabricate a computer.
A total of 56 students were awarded a scholarship this year.
Lots of herbal medicines sold in the market claim that they are made entirely from natural ingredients.
He mentioned he wanted to write a book, but ended up not completing it; he never mentioned it since.
Yesterday I forgot my umbrella and had to run back home in the heavy rain.
The bee visiting the flower must be a worker.
Every time I hear this song, I think of you.
Bring along the mobile phone to go hiking and we'll be perfectly safe.
Before I opened my mouth, they had already competed in being the first to answer the question.
With teachers' tender and amiable attitude in teaching, students can gain knowledge under a relaxing atmosphere.
he smiles a lot publicly, but privately he actually cries a lot.
Kei is overweight, so the doctor ordered him to go on a diet.
His grandmother is very old. She's ninety-six years old this year.
The KMB route 70 used to be popular for bus tours.
Although they couldn't separate from the country that was compressing on them by now, a sense of independence has risen from the process of confrontation and is becoming mature gradually.
Because her parents were against her date/love affair, she decided to leave her home.
He is very hardworking, eventually ranking the first in his grade.
With the Internet, a lot of information can be found instantly.
This guy looks nice and presentable in suit, but in fact, he is a jerk.
Idling with two hands crossed? Definitely no way!
Tai Man is responsible for instructing students in experiments in the laboratory.
Even though he's my nephew, as part of the management, I won't be giving him any special favours.
I am a carpenter, having a saw on me at all time is normal.
The only thing you have been concerned with all day is playing video games. When are you going to start doing your homework?
The water flow from the tap is too strong. It will splash everywhere.
He is such a spineless fence-sitter, getting close to our department once the other one was getting shutdown.
I'd like to check the balance of my card.
You should say something nice when asking someone for a favour.
The Chinese Nationalists always engage in polemics with the Localists in Hong Kong.
Just as you said, studying is not merely for passing the examinations.
The toy car he loves is lost, so that's why he's sad.
He's always talking this and that about others, I've already heard enough.
The only reason why he/she hasn't broken up with you yet, is because you are valuable to him/her and can be further exploited!
Looking at his irritated face, you should've understood that you said something wrong.
The computer is out of order, leaving me unable to finish my homework.
The best activity in the holiday is to date the mahjong mates to play a few rounds.
You look so angry. Who offended you?
It is really the tragedy left over by history
Isn't it likely that you fall onto the ground and get your nose hurt?
My nose is full of blackheads. It looks like a strawberry.
This low-income assistance program is far from perfect. Too many poor folks are still not able to benefit from it.
He always has a runny nose and may have allergic rhinitis.
The headquarter wants you to be the CEO of the subsidiary.
It is my honour to work with such an excellent team.
Amphibious animals can live both in water and on land.
One should pay extra attention to hygiene, during the flu season.
The audience was fascinated by his superb performance.
Don't dominate with your aggressive speech. Give your mates a chance to speak up.
Suárez acted all crazy and bit the others again, that the owner is thinking about selling him.
The government claims their interpretation of the basic law is the legitimate one.
The leftover coffee should be discarded. Don't drink it anymore.
After this experience, I have full confidence in Siu-ming.
To pray for blessing, the organiser held Taoist ceremonies, lighting oil lamps and preparing offerings for deities.
Watch out it's going to make you really fat if you eat fried dough stick with congee all the time!
Mei-mei is an optimistic person, never moaning about her fate when she encounters difficulties.
She was an erotic film actress when she was young, and later became a politician.
The socks of the brothers are mixed together! Please separate them!
You shouldn't worry too much at work, just do it with guts and speed.
Scientists insisted to trace the source of the virus.
If I knew that we need to wait for the whole morning before the competition starts, I would not have gone there!
My computer speaker sounds very hollow. It's time for me to buy a new one.
I am going deaf from the non-stop shrieking of those kids.
You are just watching but never stop them arguing.
Kei-kei's doll was lost and she cried for a long time.
Are you going to find a summer job for the coming summer holiday?
Remember you've still got some problems with your eyes. Don't be overtaxing yourself.
